WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-WASTEBOOK  2014

EBOLA  IN   AMER ICA.  SECUR ITY  BREACHES   AT  THE   WH ITE   HOUSE.  WAVES   OF 
UNACCOMPAN IED   M INORS   AND   OTHERS   POUR ING   ACROSS   OUR  NAT ION+IBk-S 
BORDERS.  THE   RUSS IAN   RED   ARMY  ON   THE   MOVE,  MARCH ING   INTO   PEACEFUL, 
DEMOCRAT IC   NAT IONS.  IRAQ   IN   TURMO IL  W ITH   O IL  F IELDS   PUMP ING   M ILL IONS   OF 
DOLLARS   A  DAY  INTO   THE   J IHAD IST  ACT IV IT IES   OF  RAD ICAL  ISLAM IC   TERROR ISTS. 
OUR  NAT ION+IBk-S   HEROES   BE ING   K ILLED,  NOT  BY  ENEMY  COMBATANTS,  BUT  BY 
THE   VERY  VETERANS+IBk-  HEALTH   SYSTEM   SET  UP  TO   CARE   FOR  THEM.  AND   THERE 
IS   THAT  GOVERNMENT  HEALTH   CARE   WEBS ITE   THAT  ST ILL  DOES   NOT  WORK.

  The  world  increasingly  appears  to  be  in  disarray  with  the  chaos, 
confusion  and  uncertainty  growing  ever  closer.  All  the  while,  the 
leadership  in  our  nation+IBk-s  capital  is  ever  more  distant,  disconnected, 
and absent. 
The  current  Congress  is  +IBw-on  track  to  be  one  of  the  least 
productive+IB0-  in  60  years.1  Fewer  laws  were  passed  over  the  last  two 
years  than  by  any  Congress  in  half  a  century  or  more,  and  most  of 
the  bills  passed  had  little  consequence. While  a  +IBw-lame  duck+IB0-  session 
is  scheduled,  the  harsh  reality  is  the  last  two  entire  years  were  an 
extended +IBw-lame duck,+IB0- producing little meaningful results. 
The problem  is  not  just what Washington  isn+IBk-t doing, but what  it 
is doing. 
Instead  of  working  together  to  solve  these  challenges,  the 
politicians  are  more  focused  on  getting  re-elected  than  conducting 
the  business  they  were  elected  to  address  in  the  first  place.  Nearly 
every major, minor and routine decision facing the nation was punted 
to  next  year  when  Congress  abruptly  adjourned  on  September  18  to 
hit the campaign trail+IBQ- +IBw-the earliest departure by the Congress for the 
elections since 1960.+IB0-2 

Congress+IBk-  role  is  not  just  passing  bills.  It  is  also  responsible  for 
conducting oversight to hold the executive branch accountable, which 
it  is  failing  to  do.  In  fact,  Congress  actually  forced  federal  agencies 
to  waste  billions  of  dollars  for  purely  parochial,  political  purposes. 
Mississippi  lawmakers,  for  example,  attached  a  rider  to  a  larger  bill 
requiring  NASA  to  build  a  $350  million  launch  pad  tower,  which  was 
moth  balled  as  soon  as  it was  completed  because  the  rockets  it was 
designed  to  test  were  scrapped  years  ago.  Likewise,  when  USDA 
attempted  to  close  an  unneeded  sheep  research  station  in  Idaho 
costing nearly $2 million every year to operate, politicians in the region 
stepped in to keep it open. 
Washington  politicians  are  more  focused  on  their  own  political 
futures than the future of our country. And with no one watching over 
the  vast  bureaucracy,  the  problem  again  isn+IBk-t  just  what  Washington 
isn+IBk-t doing, but what it is doing. 
Much  like Congress,  thousands of  federal employees who weren+IBk-t 
doing their jobs properly have been sent home and paid to do nothing+IBQ-
many for years! Some committed crimes. Others engaged in misconduct. 
Collectively they brought shame and dishonor to public service. Instead 

2

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-of being fired, they were given paid vacations at a cost of $20 million. 
While  the  IRS  was  politically  targeting  Tea  Party  groups  by 
putting  the  nonprofits  under  excessive  scrutiny,  the  agency  readily 
handed over $4 billion to identity thieves because it neglected to spot 
thousands of bogus tax returns. 
The  firm  that  gave  the  green  light  to  grant  security  clearances 
to  both  notorious  NSA  leaker  Edward  Snowden  and  Aaron  Alexis, 
who shot and killed 12 people at the Washington Navy Yard,3 received 
another  $124 million  to  conduct  background  checks  the Department 
of  Justice  found  to  be  fraudulent.  As  a  result,  thousands  of  ineligible 
individuals may now have access to top secret information. 
The  U.S.  Coast  Guard  reduced  drug  and  migrant  interdictions 
while  providing  free  patrols  to  keep  party  crashers  away  from  posh 
private  events  on  yachts  and  beaches  along  some  of  the  country+IBk-s 
most exclusive waterfront estates. 
The President asked Congress to provide $1.1 billion in emergency 
funding for Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE)4 to deal with 
the thousands of unaccompanied children illegally crossing the border 
this  year.5 Yet,  ICE was paying $1 million  in workers+IBk-  compensation  to 
employees who were not working, even though they had been cleared 
to return to duty.6 
The pleas for assistance from hundreds of families whose homes 
were  damaged  by  the  +IBw-storm  of  the  century+IB0-  in  Austin,  Texas,  were 
ignored  by  the  Federal  Emergency  Management  Agency,  which 
instead spent hundreds of  thousands of dollars  to help clean up  local 
golf courses. 
The director of the National Institutes for Health claims a vaccine 
for  Ebola  +IBw-probably+IB0-  would  have  been  developed  by  now  if  not  for 
the  stagnant  funding  for  the  agency,7  which  has  a  $30  billion  annual 
budget.8 Yet NIH did come up with  the money  to pay  to give Swedish 
massages for rabbits. 
NASA no longer has the ability to send astronauts into space. The 
agency  now  pays  Russia  $70  million  per  passenger  for  a  round  trip 
fare to the international space station where the +IBw-design and creation 
of better golf clubs+IB0- is among the studies being conducted. 
These  are  among  the  100  silly,  unnecessary,  and  low  priority 
projects in this year +IBk-s Wastebook exposing Washington+IBk-s upside down 
priorities that tally up to $25 billion. 
Only  someone  with  too much  of  someone  else+IBk-s money  and  not 
enough  accountability  for  how  it  was  being  spent  could  come  up 
with  some  of  the  zany  projects  the  government  paid  for  this  year, 
like  laughing  classes  for  college  students  (no  joke!)  or  a  play  about 
brain  eating  zombies  for  children.  The  National  Science  Foundation 
(NSF)  taught  monkeys  how  to  play  video  games  and  gamble.  USDA 
got  into  the business of butterfly  farming. The Department of  Interior 
even  paid  people  to  watch  grass  to  see  how  quickly  it  grows.  The 
State Department  spent money  to  dispel  the  perception  abroad  that 
Americans  are  fat  and  rude.9  But  the  real  shock  and  awe  may  have 
been  the  $1  billion  price  tag  the  Pentagon  paid  to  destroy  $16  billion 
worth of ammunition, enough to pay a full years+IBk- salary for over 54,000 
Army privates. 
Despite all of this obvious waste, Washington politicians celebrat-
ed ending  the  fiscal year with a deficit under half-a-trillion dollars  for 
the first time since 200810, as if adding $486 billion11 to a national debt 
quickly  approaching  $18  trillion  is  an  actual  accomplishment  deserv-
ing  praise.  Citing  this  decline  without  context  +IBw-is  misleading,  since  it 
follows an almost 800 percent increase that brought deficits to record 

high  levels,+IB0-  says  the  Committee  for  a  Responsible  Federal  Budget. 
The  non-partisan  group  notes  the  debt  continued  to  rise  during  this 
period and deficits are projected to grow larger, eventually exceeding 
$1 trillion annually once again in the near future. 
This  report,  the  fifth annual Wastebook, gives a  snapshot of  just 
a  fraction  of  the  countless  frivolous  projects  the  government  funded 
in the past twelve months with borrowed money and your tax dollars. 
Every  year  taxpayers,  regardless  of  their  personal  political  leanings, 
raise their eyebrows and shake their heads  in disbelief at how billions 
of  dollars  that  could  be  been  better  spent+IBQ-or  not  spent  at  all+IBQ-were 
squandered. Then they ask, +IBw-but what are you doing about it?+IB0- 
While  I  have  offered  hundreds  of  amendments  to  stop  stupid 
spending,  most  have  been  soundly  defeated.  Perhaps  there  is  no 
better example of Congress+IBk-s upside down priorities  than  the Senate 
overwhelmingly  rejected  an  amendment  to  defund  the  infamous 
bridge  to  nowhere  in  Alaska.12  Under  the  current  Senate  leadership, 
amendments  are  no  longer  even  permitted,  ending  any  hope  of 
actually cutting waste through the legislative process. 
Yet, victories are occurring despite the actions and lack of actions 
taken by Congress. 
That  bridge  may  have  been  approved  by  Congress,  but  it  was 
never built because of  the public outraged  it  sparked. Other projects 
that made headlines after being  featured  in Wastebook met a  similar 
fate.  An  airport  in Oklahoma  that  averaged  just  one  flight  per month 
was landing nearly half-a-million in federal subsidies a year was closed 
after  appearing  in  Wastebook.13  A  day  after  Wastebook  called  out 
Beverly  Hills  for  selling  its  federal  Community  Development  Block 
grants, the Department of Housing and Urban Development instructed 
the jurisdiction to cease the practice.14 NSF canceled a climate change 
musical showcased in Wastebook.15 
Some spending decisions are reversed before they can even make 
it  into  print  to  avoid  embarrassment.  A  day  after  my  office  inquired 
about  a  life  size  inflatable  foosball  game  the  State  Department 
ordered in September, for example, the purchase was canceled.16 
What  I  have  learned  from  these  experiences  is  Washington 
will  never  change  itself.  But  even  if  the  politicians  won+IBk-t  stop  stupid 
spending, taxpayers always have the last word. 
As  you  read  through  the  entries  presented  in  this  report,  ask 
yourself:  Is  each  of  these  a  true  national  priority  or  could  the  money 
have  been  better  spent  on  a  more  urgent  need  or  not  spent  at  all  in 
order  to  reduce  the  burden  of  debt  being  left  to  be  paid  off  by  our 
children and grandchildren? 

 

 
 

Sincerely, 

Tom A. Coburn, M.D. 
U.S. Senator 

3

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-Pa id  Vacat ions  for 
Bureaucrats  Gone  W i ld 

CHARG ING   BOOZE   AND   PERSONAL   TR IPS   ON   THE   OFF ICE   CRED IT   CARD. 
PASS ING  OUT  ON  THE  JOB  AFTER  A  LATE  N IGHT  PARTY ING .  WAST ING  MOST  OF  THE 
WORK   DAY   SURF ING   FOR   SMUT   ON   OFF ICE   COMPUTERS .   MAK ING   UNWANTED 
SEXUAL   ADVANCES .   US ING   AN   OFF ICE   LAPTOP   TO   SEND   EXPL IC IT   IMAGES . 

Any one of these outrageous behaviors would be reason enough 
for  most  to  be  fired+ICY-  unless,  of  course,  you  are  on  the  federal 
government +IBk-s  payroll,  in  which  case  you  might  instead  get  a  paid 
vacation lasting months or even years. 
Rather  than  disciplining  employees  who  are  underperforming 
or  even  engaging  in  criminal  mischief,  federal  bureaucrats  place 
troublesome employees on +IBw-administrative leave,+IB0- where they continue 
to get paid but are essentially relieved of their duties including having 
to  report  to  work  or  do  work.  A  federal  employment  attorney  calls 
administrative leave +IBw-the government +IBk-s dirty little secret.+IB0-17 
Officially,  administrative  leave  is  an  +IBw-excused  absence+IB0-18  with 
pay  and  continuation  of  other  benefits,  such  as  health  insurance,  life 
insurance, and retirement plans, that is not charged as annual leave or 

vacation.  In  2014,  eleven  federal  agencies  spent  at  least  $50  million 
paying  the salaries of government employees on administrative  leave 
status, one-third of which was for disciplinary reasons.19 
Administrative  leave  is  not  just  a  discipline  tool  as  agencies 
utilize administrative leave for any number of purposes. Some receive 
administrative leave for more noble purposes, such as organ donation 
or volunteering. Others get paid  time off  to  recover  from an overseas 
trip,  to  attend  a  conference,  to  conduct  union  activities,  or  to  go  to 
a  parade.20  Some  administrators  abuse  it  to  remove  and  isolate 
whistleblowers.21  The  Pentagon+IBk-s  police  chief  encouraged  employees 
to  take  administrative  leave  to  go  golfing.22  Several  agencies  even 
allow paid  leave  to attend Mardi Gras.23 These  federal employees are 
literally being paid to party! 

4

WASTEBOOK 20141$19 million101+AAw-The  +IBw-predominant  reason+IB0-  for  +IBw-large 
amounts  of  paid  administration 
leave,+IB0- 
however, 
is  personnel  matters,  such  as 
misconduct,  criminal  matters,  or  security 
concerns.24  The  Government  Accountability 
Office  (GAO)  found  these  types  of  personnel 
matters  accounted  for  roughly  one-third  of 
administrative  leave charged, or $19 million.25 
GAO  found  inconsistencies  between  what 
different  agencies  considered  administrative 
leave  as  well  as  inaccuracies  in  the  Office  of 
Personnel Management data.26 
While administrative  leave  is  intended  to 
be used sparingly for limited periods of time,27 
for many it has become a paid vacation lasting 
months  and  even  years.28  More  than  1,000 
federal  employees  were  on  paid  leave  for  at 
least  six  months  and  hundreds  were  given 
paid absences from work for a year or more.29 
Nearly  60,000  federal  employees  received 
paid  leave  for  an  entire  month  or  more  over 
a two year period  in addition to vacation time 
and paid holidays.30 
For  those  federal  employees  put  on  paid 
leave  for  criminal  activities  this  year,  like 
criminally  negligent  homicide,  and  sexual 
abuse, crime does pay. 
Some put on administration leave in 2014 
engaged  in  nefarious  and  illegal  behaviors 
that  undermine  the  very  confidence  in  our 
government. 
An  office  within  the  most  controversial 
government  agency,  the  IRS,  used  its  pow-
er  to  harass  and  impede  political  opposition 
for  years  and  the director  avoided  taking  any 
responsibility and also avoided any  real disci-
pline  by  being  put  on  paid  leave  for  months 
before  retiring  with  a  generous  government 
pension.31  The  CIA+IBk-s  chief  of  Iran  operations 
was  put  on  paid  administrative  leave  for  cre-
ating  +IBw-an  abusive  and  hostile  work  environ-
ment  that  put  a  crucial  division  in  disarray.+IB0-32 
A  Secret  Service  agent  responsible  for  pro-
tecting the President on an overseas trip was 
put on leave after being found passed out in a 
hotel  hallway  after  a  late  night  of  partying.33 
The  former  acting  Inspector  General  (IG)  at 
the  Department  of  Homeland  Security  was 
placed on administrative  leave  in April after a 
bipartisan  Senate  investigation  found  he  had 
+IBw-jeopardized the independence+IB0- of the IG+IBk-s of-
fice.34 Two senior officials within the  IG office 
of the Department of Commerce were placed 
on paid administrative leave after threatening 
subordinates  with  negative  performance  re-
views  unless  they  signed  +IBw-agreements  not  to 
disparage+IB0- the office upon leaving.35 

After  a  never  ending  series  of  scandals, 
the  Department  of  Veterans  Affairs  had  no 
shortage  of  excuses  to  place  misbehaving 
staff  on  paid  leave  this  year.  Veterans  across 
the  country  were  revealed  to  be  dying  as 
a  direct  result  of  bureaucratic  negligence. 
Agency managers orchestrated premeditated 
cover-ups, even punishing those who refused 
to  go  along  with  the  scheme  to  manipulate 
data  to  secure  performance  bonuses  while 
veterans went months without care,  resulting 
in  hundreds  of  unnecessary  deaths  over  the 
last  several  years.  Those  responsible  went 
largely  unpunished  and  were  instead  placed 
on paid leave. 
Other  VA  employees  were  put  on  paid 
administrative  leave  for  sexually  abusing  a 
female  patient,36  causing  a  fatal  car  crash 
as  a  result  of  driving  drunk,37  sexting  on 

services.  At  the  VA,  for  example,  one  absent 
employee  who  was  put  on  paid  leave  was 
expected  to  process  at  least  three  veterans+IBk- 
benefits cases per day.45 A co-worker said she 
became frustrated because he wasn+IBk-t present 
to  do  his  job  yet  she  still  had  +IBw-to  approve  his 
timecards,+IB0-  while  +IBw-they  desperately  needed+IB0- 
a full time staffer +IBw-to help relieve a backlog  in 
rating veterans and getting benefits to them. 
But  the  VA  is  not  the  only  abuser  of 
administrative leave. 
67,000 
Out 
Security 
Social 
of 
(SSA)  employees,  nearly 
Administration 
10,000  were  on  administrative  leave  for  ten 
days  or  more  during  the  first  six  months  of 
the  year  costing  nearly  $40  million,  and  no 
one  knows  why.46  The  reason  for  all  the  paid 
absences is unknown as SSA does not record 
why employees are on administrative leave.47 

Paid leave doesn+IBk-t just penalize 
taxpayers, it also punishes the 
dedicated civil servants who get 
stuck picking up the slack. 

government  computers,38  paying  for  booze 
and  personal  items  on  government  charge 
cards,39  taking  a  patient  being  treated  for 
addiction  to  a  crack  house  and  hooking  him 
up with drugs,40 and failing to do their jobs.41 
Congress  responded  to  the  growing 
public  backlash  against  the  mistreatment 
being  suffered  by  our  nation+IBk-s  heroes  by 
passing  a  bill  to  make  it  easier  to  terminate 
poorly  performing  VA  employees.  The 
President  signed  the  act  into  law  on  August 
7,42  warning  +IBw-if  you  engage  in  an  unethical 
practice,  if  you  cover  up  a  serious  problem, 
you  should  be  fired.  Period.  It  shouldn+IBk-t  be 
that  difficult.+IB0-43  Yet  months  later,  the  VA  has 
yet  to  fire  any  of  the  employees  responsible 
for the deaths, scandals, and cover-ups. They 
continue to be paid to do nothing.44 
Paid 
leave  doesn+IBk-t 
just  penalize 
taxpayers,  it  also  punishes  the  dedicated 
civil  servants  who  get  stuck  picking  up  the 
slack. There are also consequences  for  those 
who  seeking  government  assistance  or 

The 
Homeland 
of 
Department 
Security  (DHS)  spent  at  least  $4.3  million 
to  pay  employees  not  to  work  this  year.48 
The  department  had  237  employees  on 
administrative 
10 
than 
for  more 
leave 
days  in  2014  as  of  August.49  Of  these,  205 
were  on  administrative  leave  status  due  to 
misconduct.50 
The  U.S.  Postal  Service  (USPS)  had 
1,553  employees  on  administrative  leave  for 
more  than  10  days  as  of  July  2014,  for  a  cost 
exceeding $3 million 
To  be  fair,  administrative  leave  in  select 
cases can sometimes be justifiable. It can also 
take time to fairly adjudicate situations where 
facts  may  be  murky  and  not  all  employees 
on  administrative  leave  are  found  guilty  of 
wrongdoing. 
But  only 
in  Washington  would  an 
employee  not  doing  their  job  be  punished  by 
being paid not do their job for months or even 
years. 

5

+AAw-Bureaucrats Gone 
Wild +IBw-Punished+IB0- with 
Paid Vacations
The  following  is  just  a  snapshot  of  some  government  bureaucrats 
gone  wild,  who  continued  to  be  receive  paychecks  this  year+IBQ-often 
without having any assignments or even having to show up for work+IBQ-
after engaging in unacceptable and sometimes criminal conduct. 

1.  Secret  Service  agent  responsible  for 
protecting  the  President  during  overseas 
trip  found  drunk  and  passed  out  in  hotel 
hallway after a late night of partying.

Three  Secret  Service  agents  +IBw-responsible  for 
protecting  President  Obama+IB0-  during  his  visit  to 
Amsterdam  in  March  2014  were  placed  on  paid 
administrative  leave  after  a  late  night  of  partying 
on  the  eve  of  the  President +IBk-s  arrival.51  One  of  the 
agents  was  found  +IBw-passed  out  drunk  in  a  hallway 
and  later  had  to  be  lifted  into  his  room  by  several 
hotel employees+IB0- and  +IBw-claimed  to have no memory 
of the events.+IB0-52 The other two agents, one of whom 
was  the  +IBw-team  leader +IB0-  on  the  trip,  +IBw-were  deemed 
complicit+IB0-  because  they  did  not  +IBw-intervene+IB0-  or 
+IBw-tamp  down  his  behavior.+IB0-53  The  agents  were 
+IBw-temporarily replaced by other agents in the country 
until additional agents could be flown in to meet up 
with  Obama+IBk-s  entourage  at  his  next  destination, 
Brussels.+IB0-54 All three are GS-13-level agents,55 which 
means  they  are  paid  an  annual  salary  of  at  least 
$72,000.56 The misconduct violated Secret Service 
rules barring agents from drinking alcohol ten hours 
before  an  assignment.  These  rules  were  +IBw-adopted 
in  the  wake  of  a  damaging  scandal  in  Cartagena, 
Colombia,  in  April  2012,  when  a  dozen  agents  and 
officers had been drinking heavily and had brought 
prostitutes  back  to  their  hotel  rooms  before  the 
president +IBk-s  arrival  for  an  economic  summit.+IB0-57  The 
Amsterdam  incident  +IBw-came  less  than  three  weeks 
after  the  traffic accident  in Miami, which  led  to  the 
two officers involved being sent home.+IB0-58 

2.  EPA  employee  who  admits  to  viewing 
porn  for  up  to  six  hours  a  day  over  the 
past  four  years  paid  $120,000  a  year  with 
performance bonuses.

An  Environmental  Protection  Agency 
(EPA) 
employee  who  admits  spending  up  to  six  hours 
every  day  viewing  pornography  on  government 
computers during work hours collected a $120,000 

6

annual  salary  and  with  performance  bonuses.59 
When  a  special  agent  from  the  EPA  Office  of 
Inspector  General  went  to  interview  the  employee 
about  his  behavior,  he  was  +IBw-actively  viewing 
pornography on his government-issued computer. 
The  employee  confessed  to  spending,  on  average, 
between  two  and  six  hours  per  day  viewing 
pornography while at work. The OIG+IBk-s investigation 
determined  that  the  employee  downloaded  and 
viewed  more  than  7,000  pornographic  files  during 
duty  hours.  This  investigation  has  been  referred 
to  and  accepted  by  the  DOJ  for  prosecution.+IB0-60 
A  high  ranking  EPA  official  admitted  at  a  House 
Oversight and Government Reform hearing  in May, 
+IBw-I+IBk-m  not  personally  doing  anything  about  it.+IB0-61  The 
chairman  of  the  committee,  Congressman  Darrell 
Issa,  questioned  +IBw-how  much  pornography  would 
it  take  for  an  EPA  employee  to  lose  their  job?+IB0-62 
Rather  than  being  fired,  the  employee  received 
+IBw-performance  awards,  merit  based  prizes,  during 
the  months  he  was  found  to  be  surfing  porn  at 
taxpayer expense,+IB0- according to an EPA official.63 

3.  VA  execs  covered  up  veterans+IBk-  deaths 
and  patient  delays  to  secure  performance 
bonuses for themselves.

Public  outrage  over  a  scheme  by  executives  at 
Department  of  Veterans  Affairs  (VA)  clinics  to 
get  paid  bonuses  by  manipulating  wait  times  and 
patients+IBk-  deaths  cost  the  job  of  one  employee  at 
the  department--  the  Secretary.  A  whistleblower 
revealed  the  Phoenix  VA  Health  Care  System  was 
concealing  long  delays  for  care  and  maintaining 
a  secret  list  of  patient  wait  that  claimed  the  lives 
of  as  many  as  40  veterans.  A  series  of  audits  and 
investigations  found  VA  administrators  from  coast 
to  coast  were  +IBw-gaming  the  system+IB0-  by  +IBw-producing 
phony appointment data+IB0- to cover-up the thousands 
of  veterans waiting months  to  see a doctor.64 Those 
within  the  agency  who  attempted  to  speak  out 
against  the  culture  of  corruption  were  punished, 
but  those  involved  in  the  scheme  have  yet  to  be 
held  accountable.  Three  executives  at  the  Phoenix 

VA  were  put  on  administrative  leave  in  May  +IBw-until 
further  notice,+IB0-  including  the  director  and  associate 
director.65 Each continues to receive their  full salary, 
for  the  director  that  amounts  to  nearly  $170,000 
annually,66 or $85,000 since being put on leave. 

4.  IRS  official  who  oversaw  office  that 
targeted Tea Party groups misled about her 
role in scandal.

A Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration 
(TIGTA)  report  issued  in  May  found  over  a  four 
year  period  the  IRS  singled  out  Tea  Party  and 
other  conservative  organizations  applying  for  tax-
exempt  status  +IBw-based  upon  their  names  or  policy 
positions+IB0-  and  delayed  approval  of  those  requests 
while demanding +IBw-unnecessary+IB0- and +IBw-burdensome+IB0- 
information.67  President  Obama  called  the  political 
targeting  by  the 
IRS  +IBw-outrageous,+IB0-  stating  +IBw-I 
have  got  no  patience  with  it,  I  will  not  tolerate  it,+IB0- 
asserting +IBw-they have to be held fully accountable.+IB0-68 
Lois  Lerner,  the  director  of  the  IRS  tax-exempt 
organizations  division  responsible  for  the  actions, 
tried to pin the actions, which she called +IBw-absolutely 
inappropriate,+IB0-  on  +IBw-lower-level  workers+IB0-  who 
+IBw-picked  groups  for  extra  scrutiny  according  to 
whether  they  had  +IBg-tea  party+IBk-  or  +IBg-patriot +IBk-  in  their 
names.+IB0-  TIGTA+IBk-s  investigation,  however,  concluded 
the  targeting  of  these  groups  began  in  2010  and 
blamed  +IBw-ineffective  management.+IB0-69  Two  years 
of  Lerner +IBk-s  emails  were  somehow  lost  by  the  IRS 
and  her  computer +IBk-s  hard  drive  was  destroyed.70 
E-mails  unearthed  by  investigators,  show  Lerner 
was  +IBw-directly  involved  in  targeting  conservative 
nonprofit  groups  for  special  scrutiny  beginning  at 
the  height  of  the  2010  midterm  election  season.+IB0-71 
She was placed on paid administrative leave in May 
and voluntarily retired from the  IRS  in September.72 
With  an  annual  salary  of  about  $185,000,73  she 
collected  nearly  $50,000  during  the  four  months 
she  was  paid  on  administrative  leave.  +IBw-Retiring 
before the Treasury Department can fire her allows 
Lerner  to  keep  her  pension+IB0-  which  will  be  +IBw-more 
than $50,900 per year.+IB0-74 

5.  VA  employee  hooks  up  patient  being 
treated  for  addiction  with  drugs  and 
prostitute.

A VA drug addiction treatment specialist busted for 
taking a patient to a crack house to help him score 
illegal drugs  and  solicit  a prostitute was  also  found 
+IBw-guilty  of  patient  abuse,  misuse  of  government 
vehicles,  filing  false overtime requests and multiple 
ethics  violations+IB0- 
is  still  employed  at  Central 
Alabama Veterans Health Care System.75 The initial 
incident occurred in March 1, 2013 according to a VA 
investigative  report  that  concluded  the  employee 
+IBw-interfered+IB0-  with  the  patient +IBk-s  +IBw-medical  treatment 
plan+IB0-  and  +IBw-endorsed+IB0-  his  addictions,  and  exposed 
him to a +IBw-dangerous environment.+IB0-76 

+AAw-workday. By his own admission, he  took advantage 
of  the  lack  of  supervision.+IB0-94  The  OIG  chronicled 
how  the  employee  eluded  punishment  time  and 
time  again  and  instead  talked  his  supervisors  into 
improperly  creating  a  new  (and  higher-paying) 
job  for  him  in  Washington,  DC.95  He  misused  a 
government travel charge card +IBw-to entertain female 
companions,  withdraw  cash  when  not  on  travel, 
charge  over  $170  at  a  Target  store  for  personal 
items,  buy  liquor  from  his  hotel  room  minibar,  and 
for his personal commutes to visit family.+IB0-96 In total, 
the  employee+IBk-s  excessive  travels  cost  more  than 
$109,000.97 On at least 20 instances, he was absent 
without  leave  +IBw-as  a  result  of  his  previous  night +IBk-s 
activities,  and  admitted  his  misconduct  negatively 
affected  his  performance.+IB0-98  His  absences  from 
his  job  had  real  consequences  for  veterans  as 
well  as  his  co-workers.  He  +IBw-was  expected  to 
process  a  minimum  cumulative  average  number 
of  3.5  weighted  cases  per  day,+IB0-  but  +IBw-he  did  not,+IB0-99 
despite  the  backlog  processing  veterans  benefits. 
This  employee  also  +IBw-downloaded  and  installed 
unapproved  software  to  his  VA-issued  laptop  for 
the  purpose  of  sexting+IBQ-defined  as  the  sending  of 
sexually  explicit  photos,  images,  text  messages,  or 
emails using a mobile device.+IB0-100 

the  Commerce 
6.  Senior  officials  at 
Department Office of  Inspector General  try 
to gag subordinates with threats of negative 
job reviews.

the  Department  of 
Two  senior  officials  at 
Commerce Office of Inspector General were placed 
on  paid  administrative 
leave  after  threatening 
subordinates with  negative  performance  reviews  if 
they  refused  to  sign  a  gag  order  upon  leaving  the 
office.77  The  two  +IBw-were  escorted  from  the  building 
and prohibited  from physical and electronic access 
to the department,+IB0- but remained on the Commerce 
Department +IBk-s payroll. 

7. Administrators overlooked pandemonium  in 
scandal plagued office. 

After a seemingly never ending  list of scandals,  the 
director  and  chief  of  staff  of  the  Central  Alabama 
Veterans  Health Care  System were  placed  on  paid 
administrative leave in August 2014.78 The problems 
include  falsifying  +IBw-appointment  records  to  mask 
how  long  veterans  wait  for  appointments  and  not 
reading  hundreds  of  X-rays.  Employees  at  the 
center  have  also  been  accused  of  taking  a  patient 
being  treated  for  addiction  to  a  crack  house  to 
buy  drugs,+IB0-  79  sexually  abusing  a  female  patient,80 
and  causing  a  fatal  car  crash  as  a  result  of  driving 
drunk.81  The  Director,  James  Talton,  had  implied 
that +IBw-all employees involved in the falsification were 
terminated,+IB0-  when  they  were  instead  +IBw-relieved  of 
their duties+IB0- while continuing to be paid employees 
of the VA. 

8.  VA  employee  driving  drunk  indicted  for 
homicide in fatal car crash.

A  vocational  rehabilitation  specialist  in  the  mental 
health department at the Central Alabama Veterans 
Administration  Health  Center  System  (CAVHCS) 
was  indicted  for  +IBw-criminally  negligent  homicide+IB0- 
for  a  fatal  car  crash  that  occurred  last  year  while 
he  was  driving  drunk.82  The  employee,  whose  job 
requires  him  to  drive  a  government  vehicle,  was 
off duty at  the  time. He was speeding when his car 
ran  off  the  road  and  +IBw-the  vehicle  flipped  several 
times  before  landing  on  its  roof.+IB0-  A  passenger  was 
killed  in  the  accident.  The  driver  +IBw-was  arrested  for 
driving  under  the  influence  of  alcohol.+IB0-  The  case 
was  +IBw-referred  to  human  resources,  but  as  of  Sept. 
2, that individual was still employed by and working 
at CAVHCS more than a year after the accident.+IB0-83 

9.  VA  employee  charged  with  sexually 
abusing female veteran.

An  employee  of  the  Veterans  Affairs  Southeast 
Network  was  placed  on  administrative  leave  after 
being  charged  with  +IBw-first-degree  sexual  abuse+IB0- 

for  fondling  the breast of a  female patient who  is a 
veteran.84 The preliminary hearing was held August 
21  after  twice  being  delayed  by  the  VA  employee+IBk-s 
attorney.85  The  employee  +IBw-will  only  be  tried  if  he+IBk-s 
first  indicted by a grand  jury,+IB0- which does not meet 
again  until  January  or  February  of  next  year.  In  the 
meantime, the employee continues to be paid.86 

10.  NIH  police  offer  pulls  a  loaded  gun  on 
motorist during a fit of road rage.

A police officer for the National Institutes of Health 
was  placed  on  paid  administrative  leave  in  June 
after  pulling  a  loaded  gun  on  a  motorist  during  a 
fit  of  road  rage.87  The motorist  told  state  police  he 
was  forced  into  the  officer +IBk-s  lane  on  the  interstate 
when  he  +IBw-pulled  out  a  black  Glock  19  and  loaded 
the  magazine+IB0-  as  +IBw-a  terrified  motorist  in  the  next 
lane desperately tried to get away.+IB0-88 

11.  Monitoring  of  Iran+IBk-s  nuclear  program 
potentially  compromised  by CIA+IBk-s  official+IBk-s 
mismanagement.

The  chief  of  the  CIA+IBk-s  Iran  operations  was  put  on 
paid administrative leave in March +IBw-after an internal 
investigation  found  he  had  created  an  abusive 
and  hostile  work  environment  that  put  a  crucial 
division  in  disarray.+IB0-89  The  division,  which  is  crucial 
to monitoring  Iran+IBk-s  nuclear  program,  +IBw-was  in  open 
rebellion+IB0-  due  to  the  official+IBk-s  +IBw-management  style, 
with  several key employees demanding  transfers.90 
Internal surveys have  long revealed CIA employees 
believe  the  agency  is  +IBw-beset  by  bad  management, 
where  misjudgments  by  senior  officials  go 
unpunished.+IB0-91  An  Inspector  General  report  found 
+IBw-perceptions  of  poor  management,  and  a  lack  of 
accountability  for  poor  management,  comprised 
five  of  the  top  10  reasons  why  people  leave  or 
consider  leaving  CIA  and  were  the  most  frequent 
topic  of  concern  among  those  who  volunteered 
comments.+IB0-92 

12.  VA  employee  used  government 
computers  for  sexting,  showed  up  for 
work  when  he  wanted,  took  unnecessary 
junkets,  and  charged  personal  items  to 
taxpayers.

An  employee  admitted  he  was  +IBw-out  of  control+IB0- 
sexting his friends from VA computers and working 
when  and where  he  pleased was  put  on  paid  leave 
March  11,  two  weeks  after  a  February  24  report 
detailed his behaviors. On  July 25, he  +IBw-was allowed 
to resign before he could be disciplined for wasting 
government  time  and  money.+IB0-93  The  employee, 
assigned  to  an  office  in  Nashville,  took  34  trips  to 
Washington,  D.C.  as  well  as  junkets  to  Florida  and 
New  Jersey. He  +IBw-worked at his own  time and pace+IB0- 
so  +IBw-he  could  conduct  personal  business  during  the 

7

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-Swedish  Massages 
for Rascally Rabbits

The  real  lucky  rabbit+IBk-s  foot 
may  be  attached  to  one  of  the 
bunnies  receiving  Swedish  mas-
sages courtesy of taxpayers. 
A  group  of  rabbits  received 
daily  rub  downs  from  a  +IBw-mechan-
ical device that simulates the long, 
flowing  strokes  used  in  Swedish 
massages.+IB0-118 
The 
National 
Center 
for 
Complementary 
and  Alternative  Medicine  of  the 
National  Institutes  of  Health  pro-
vided  $387,000  for  the  two  year 
project  which  ended 
in  April 
2014.119 
The  massages  were  given 
after  subjecting  the  rabbits  to 
exercise  to  measure  its  impact 
on  recovery.  To  conduct  the  ex-
periment,  18  +IBw-New  Zealand White 
rabbits  were  instrumented+IB0-  with 
+IBw-nerve  cuffs  for  stimulation  of 
hindlimb+IB0- 
leg  muscles.120  The 
rabbits  were  +IBw-anesthetized  and 
secured  supine  with  one  foot  at-

tached to a foot pedal.+IB0-121 
Following 
the  work  outs, 
researchers  compared  post-ex-
ercise  recovery  time  for  those  re-
ceiving  immediate  massages,  de-
layed  massages,  or  no  massages 
at all.122 The lucky bunnies received 
massages  four  times  a  day123  that 
lasted 30 minutes immediately fol-
lowing  exercise.124  These  rabbits 
not  only  got  the  most  massages, 
they  also  recovered  quicker  from 
the exercises. 
+IBw-We  tried  to  mimic  Swedish 
massage because anecdotally,  it+IBk-s 
the  most  popular  technique  used 
by athletes,+IB0- said Thomas Best, the 
project  leader  and  co-medical  di-
rector of the Ohio State University 
Sports Medicine Center.125 
The  researchers  +IBw-acknowl-
edge that the injury created in our 
animal  model  may  not  be  com-
pletely analogous to the injury pro-
duced  in  humans  with  eccentric 

Researchers designed work out equipment to exercise rabbits as well as a Swedish massage machine to 
give rabbit rubdowns.129 

exercise.+IB0-126  They  do  note,  howev-
er, that studies do exist to support 
the use of massage to treat human 
muscle aches and pains.127 
If 
researchers  were 
the 
seeking  to  learn  how  to  identify 
the  most  optimal  application  of 
massage  therapy  to  treat  human 
muscle  aches  and  injuries,  then 
perhaps  they  should  have  ob-
served  human  subjects.  Instead, 

this  study  seems  to  have  chased 
tax  dollars  down  a  rabbit  hole. 
Taxpayer  dollars  that  could  have 
supported  potentially more  trans-
formative  research  were  instead 
spent  on  exercise  and  massage 
equipment  for  rabbits.  As  for  the 
rabbits, they were eventually euth-
anized,128  so  while  well massaged, 
those  feet were not  so  lucky after 
all. 

Army Creates Free First-Person Shooter 
the Intelligence Community Worries 
Could Train Terrorists

War  is  not  a  game  +IBM-  unless  you+IBk-re  play-
ing  America+IBk-s  Army,  a  free,  online  first-per-
son-shooter  game  developed,  produced  and 
promoted by the U.S. Army. 
The Army  first  released  the  video  game  in 
2002,  and  has  updated  it  every  year  since  as 
part  of  its  enlistment  efforts.130  It  features  ul-
tra-realism  in weaponry, tactics and  leadership, 
but,  +IBw-[u]nlike  commercial  games  designed  to 
make big money, the aim of this taxpayer-fund-
ed project is to generate Army recruits.+IB0-131 
According to the Congressional Research 
Service,  the  Army  spent  $414,000  in  2014, 
which  it  says  were  used  for  +IBw-community  and 

forum management, as well as server host and 
statistical  report  fees.+IB0-132  Yet,  taxpayers  have 
spent  far  more  than  that  in  past  years.  As  of 
2009,  the Army  had  spent  at  least $33 million 
to develop and update America+IBk-s Army, though 
the  project  was  originally  budgeted  to  cost 
only a total of $7 million.133
But  while  it  may  help  recruit  and  train 
U.S.  soldiers,  some  intelligence  officials  worry 
it could also be aiding  jihadists and mass mur-
derers. A  top  secret National Security Agency 
report from 2007 +IBM- and later leaked by Edward 
Snowden  +IBM-  identified  America+IBk-s  Army  as  one 
of  several  combat  simulation  games  which 

8

terrorists  can  use  to  train  for missions.  It  is  so 
realistic, +IBw-the army no longer needs to use it for 
recruitment, they use it for training,+IB0- the report 
noted,  adding,  +IBw-The  Lebanese  Hizballah  has 
taken  this  concept  and  the  same  basic  game 
design  and made  its  own  version  of  the  game 
called  Special  Forces  2  (SF2),  which  its  press 
section  acknowledges  is  used  for  recruitment 
and  training  in  order  to  prepare  their  youth  to 
+IBg-fight  the  enemy+IBk-,  a  radicalizing  medium;  the 
ultimate goal is to become a suicide martyr.+IB0-134
The  report  indicates  that  terrorists  could 
use games  like this to practice skills, noting,  for 
example, that some of the 9-11 pilots had never 
flown  a  real  plane,  and  had  only  trained  using 
Microsoft+IBk-s  Flight  Simulator.135  +IBw-These  games 
offer realistic weapons training +ICY- military opera-
tions and  tactics, photorealistic  land navigation 
and terrain familiarization, and leadership skills,+IB0- 
the  report  said.  +IBw-When  the  mission  is  expen-
sive,  risky, or dangerous,  it  is often a wiser  idea 
to  exercise  virtually,  rather  than  really  blow  an 

WASTEBOOK 2014$387,000$414,00023+AAw-operative  up  assembling  a  bomb  or  exposing  a 
sleeper agent to law enforcement scrutiny.+IB0- 136 
In September the Army rolled out its most 
recent  update  to  the  game,  RFI-4,  which  al-
lows  players  compete  in  a  deadly  version  of 
capture-the-flag  called  +IBw-Intercept+IB0-  featuring 
missile components rather than a flag.137 
+IBw-Intercept  is  the  latest and one of  the  fin-
est  America+IBk-s  Army:  Proving  Grounds  maps 
ever  developed,+IB0-  the  Army  boasted  on  its 
Facebook page devoted  to  the game.  It noted 
that  the  update  was  designed  +IBw-with  mission 
re-playability as the primary focus.+IB0-138

Realistic scenes from America+IBk-s Army

Mountain Lions on a Treadmill

+IBw-People  just  didn+IBk-t  believe  you  could  get 
a mountain  lion  on  a  treadmill,  and  it  took me 
three years  to  find a  facility  that was willing  to 
try,+IB0-  exclaimed  Terrie Williams,  a  University  of 
California-Santa Cruz professor.139 
What  people  won+IBk-t  have  a  hard  time  be-
lieving  is  the  federal  government  would  pay 
to  put  the  big  cats  on  a  treadmill.  Not  so  long 
ago, after all, the National Science Foundation 
(NSF) paid $560,000 to run a shrimp on a tiny 
treadmill.140 In fact, the federal government has 
raced  animals,  large  and  small  on  a  treadmill 
from  monkeys,141  to  rats,142  and  even  cows143 
and goats.144 

In  this  study  funded  with  an  $856,000 
NSF  grant,  three  captive  mountain  lions  were 
taught to use a treadmill.145 It took eight months 
of  training  before  the  cats  were  +IBw-comfortable 
on the treadmill.+IB0-146 
The  study,  which  also  monitored  wild 
mountain  lions  with  a  special  collar,  deter-
mined  the  +IBw-power  of  the  pounce+IB0-  and  the  en-
ergy  consumption  of  the  cat+IBk-s  hunting  tech-
niques. Before the researchers +IBw-could interpret 
the  data  from  collars  deployed  on wild moun-
tain  lions,  however,  they  first  had  to  perform 
calibration  studies with mountain  lions  in cap-
tivity. This meant, among other things, training 

A mountain lion that has been trained to run on the testing treadmill.

mountain  lions  to  walk  and  run  on  a  treadmill 
and  measuring  their  oxygen  consumption  at 
different  activity  levels.  Those  studies  took  a 
bit longer than planned.+IB0-147 
The treadmill study found +IBw-mountain lions 
do not have the aerobic capacity for sustained, 
high-energy activity.148 
+IBw-They are power animals. They have a slow 
routine walking speed and use a burst of speed 
and the force of the pounce to knock down or 
overpower their prey,+IB0- Williams explains. 
+IBw-In  addition  to  the  treadmill  studies,  the 
captive cats were videotaped wearing the col-
lars while  doing  a wide  range  of  activities  in  a 
large outdoor enclosure. This provided a library 
of  collar  acceleration  signatures  specific  for 
different behaviors, from resting and grooming 
to running and pouncing.+IB0-149 
A  +IBw-state-of-the-art+IB0-  collar+IBQ-called  the 
Species  Movement,  Acceleration,  and  Radio 
Tracking  (SMART)  wildlife  collar+IBQ-  was  de-
signed by a graduate student for the studies in 
the  wild.  The  high  tech  collar  includes  a  GPS 
unit, accelerometers, and a magnetometer  +IBw-to 
provide  detailed  data  on  where  an  animal  is 
and what it is doing.+IB0-150 
The researchers say the +IBw-insights are likely 
to greatly  inform public knowledge and opinion 
of large mammal behavior and conservation.+IB0-151 
The  NSF  funds  were  also  spent  on  +IBw-out-
reach,+IB0-  which  included  attending  conferences 
and developing an interactive website.152 
While  support  for  basic  science  is  not  it-
self wasteful, federal research agencies should 
better  prioritize  how  tax  dollars  are  directed 
to ensure adequate support  for more pressing 
scientific  endeavors.  With  Congress  racking 
up  deficits  and  leaving  nearly  an  $18  trillion 
debt  for  the  next  generation,  scarce  resourc-
es should be used  to pay down  the debt or on 
higher  priorities,  such  as  emerging  biological 
threats that could pounce on anyone of us. 

9

WASTEBOOK 2014$856,0004+AAw-Ant i-Terror Grant  Buys  State-of-the-Art  SWAT 
Equ ipment  for Safest  Small Town   in  Amer ica

Ten  years  ago,  +IBw-pork  barrel  politics 
at  its  worst+IB0-  was  how  then  New  York  City 
Mayor  Michael  Bloomberg  described  U.S. 
counterterrorism  spending 
to 
the  9/11 
Commission.153  Spreading  money  around 
might  make  for  good  politics,  he  charged, 
but  would  do  little  to  keep  the  nation  safe. 
A  decade  later  there  is  evidence  little  has 
changed.  Two  small  municipalities  around 
New  York  received  anti-terror  grants  for 
SWAT  team  equipment  upgrades,  despite 
being rated among the safest and at least risk 
of terrorism in the country. 
The  State  of  New  York  awarded  two 
grants  worth  a  total  of  $200,000  to  Ithaca, 

and  the  Twin  Cities  of  Tonawanda  and  North 
Tonawanda using funds from the Department 
of  Homeland  Security+IBk-s 
(DHS)  State 
Homeland  Security  Program.154  They  were 
distributed  as  part  of  the  state+IBk-s  +IBw-Tactical 
Team Grant Program.+IB0- 
Ithaca 
recently 
in  particular  was 
distinguished  as  the  number  one  +IBw-most 
secure+IB0-  small  town  in  America  by  Farmers 
Insurance  Group  of  Companies.155  Among 
other  factors,  the  study  looked  at  +IBw-crime 
statistics,  extreme  weather,  risk  of  natural 
disasters,  housing  depreciation,  foreclosures, 
air  quality  +ICY- 
threats.+IB0-156 
terrorist 
[and] 
According  to  the  Ithaca  Police  Department +IBk-s 

website, Ithaca+IBk-s crime rate is the third lowest 
in  the  nation  for  a  metropolitan  area  of  any 
size.157  +IBw-This  grant  money  is  awesome  for 
us,+IB0-  Ithaca  police  Chief  John  Barber  beamed, 
explaining that the grant would help purchase 
night vision goggles, a tactical robot, chemical 
suits and training among other things.158 
Farmers  Insurance  similarly  ranked  the 
Buffalo-Niagara  Falls  metropolitan  area,  of 
which both Tonawanda and North Tonawanda 
are a part, as the sixth safest large metro area 
in  the  country.159  Local  police  officials  said 
the  money  would  purchase  +IBw-state-of-the-art 
equipment.+IB0-160 

OPM Pays Contractor To +IBw-Flush+IB0- 
Security Clearance Investigations 
+IBw-like a dead goldfish+IB0-

What  do  a  goldfish,  a  leprechaun,  and 
Dick Clark have in common? All were invoked 
as  part  of  one  company+IBk-s  attempt  to  scam 
millions  of  federal  dollars,  all  the  while  com-
promising our national security. 
Over  the  past  year  the  government  paid 
$124.3 million  to U.S.  Investigations Services, 
Inc.  (USIS),161  the  federal  contractor  hired 
to  conduct  security  clearance  background 
checks,  despite  the  company+IBk-s  history  of 
security  failures  and  allegations  of  fraud.162 
Among  the  firm+IBk-s  most  high-profile  failures 
was  giving  the  all-clear  to  both  Edward 
Snowden,  the  notorious  NSA  leaker,  and 
Aaron Alexis, who shot and killed 12 people at 
the Washington Navy Yard.163 
While  the  government  uses  several 
contractors  to  help  do  background  checks, 

USIS  does  about  half  all  investigations  for 
federal  security  clearances.164  With  more 
than  five  million  government  employees  and 
contractors +IBM- or 1.6 percent of  the entire U.S. 
population +IBM- holding a security clearance, the 
firm plays a big  role  in protecting our nation+IBk-s 
secrets.165 
However, 
the 
January, 
this  past 
Department  of  Justice  (DOJ)  accused  USIS 
of  submitting  665,000 
fake  background 
investigations.166  As  a  result,  hundreds  of 
thousands of people who may not have been 
eligible  for  clearances  were  given  access  to 
top secret information. 
According  to  its contract with  the Office 
of  Personnel  Management 
(OPM),  USIS 
was  paid  for  each  background  investigation 
is  completed,  along  with  bonuses  for  high 

10

quality  work.167  In  the  complaint  filed  by  DOJ, 
management  at  USIS  +IBw-devised  and  executed 
a 
to  deliberately  circumvent 
scheme 
contractually  required  reviews  to  increase 
the  company+IBk-s 
revenues  and  profits.+IB0-168 
The  scheme  was  referred  to  as  +IBw-dumping+IB0- 
or  +IBw-flushing+IB0-  cases  +IBM-  terms  used  by  the 
company  to  send  incomplete  investigations 
to  OPM  when  they  were  trying  to  hit  their 
performance goals.169 
An  email  sent  in  April  2010  by  one 
employee  to  the  company+IBk-s  Director  of 
National  Quality  Assurance  provided  an 
update  on  the  number  of  cases  dumped  that 
day,  commenting,  +IBw-Shelves  are  as  clean  as 
they could get. Flushed everything like a dead 
goldfish.+IB0-170 
Another email later that year was written 
in  character  as  a  mischievous  leprechaun 
+IBw-T+IBk-is  Flushy  McFlushershon  at  his  merry 
hijinks  again!!  **leprechaun  dance**  +ICY-I+IBk-m  not 
tired+ICY-+IB0-171 
Even  the  then-ailing  Dick  Clark+IBk-s  name 
was 
invoked  during  the  holiday  season: 
+IBw-Scalping  tickets  for  +IBg-Dick  Clark+IBk-s  Dumpin+IBk- 
New Year +IBk-s Eve! Who needs 2? Have a bit of a 
backlog building, but fortunately, most people 
are off this week so no one will notice!+IB0-172 

WASTEBOOK 2014$200,0005$124.3 million6+AAw-Spouses Stab Voodoo Dolls 
More Often When +IBw-Hangry+IB0-, 
Study Reveals

The  feeling  of  anger  caused  by  hunger  is 
so  well-known  that  pop  culture  has  given  the 
feelings  their  own  name:  hanger.  Armed  with 
voodoo  dolls  and  chalkboard  noises,  federally 
funded  researchers wanted  to  prove  a  hangry 
spouse is also an unhappy one. 
Over  the  course  of  twenty-one  consecu-
tive evenings, 107 couples were given a chance 
to  stick  up  to  51  pins  into  a  voodoo  doll  rep-
resenting their spouse.173 The pin-pushing hap-
pened  in  secret,  away  from  the  other  partner. 
Participants then recorded the number of pins 
they poked into the dolls. Those tests revealed 
what may already be obvious to many couples: 
a  spouse with  low blood  sugar was  an  angrier 
one,  and  stuck more  pins  in  the  doll  (on  aver-
age).174 
In  a  subsequent  experiment,  partners 
were allowed to blast loud noises at their part-

ner  if  they won a game. The winner could play 
the  loud noises +IBM-  the sound of a smoke alarm, 
dentist+IBk-s drill, and  fingernails-on-a-chalkboard 
+IBM- for any amount of time they chose. 175 
Again,  the  results were  just as any parent 
of a  toddler might expect.  +IBw-Hungry people are 
cranky and aggressive,+IB0- said the lead research-
er.176 Partners with lower blood glucose levels 
blasted  their  spouses  with  louder  and  longer 
noise.177 
Not  all  academics  believed  the  results. 
Two  psychologists  who  reviewed  the  work 
suggested,  +IBw-[I]t  might  be  a  big  leap  to  inter-
pret the results with voodoo dolls as indicating 
risk  for  actual  physical  aggression  against  a 
spouse.+IB0-178 
Funding  for the voodoo doll project came 
in part from National Science Foundation grant 
worth $331,000.179 

Scientists Hope Gambling Monkeys 
Unlock Secrets of Free Will

It  turns  out  humans  are  not  the  only 
species looking for +IBw-Big money, no whammies!+IB0- 
Monkeys  also  like  to  play  video  games  and 
gamble, found an ongoing study supported by 
the National Science Foundation. 
Humans  have  long  been  known  to  have 
a +IBw-hot-hand bias+IB0- in which they believe hot or 
cold streaks exist where there is actually none. 
Researchers wanted  to  know  if monkeys  had 
the same problem. 
+IBw-Luckily,  monkeys  love  to  gamble,+IB0-  said 
Tommy  Blanchard,  a  doctoral  candidate  at 
the  University  of  Rochester  who  worked  on 

the  study.180  But  scientists  +IBw-had  to  create  a 
computerized  game  that  was  so  captivating 
monkeys would want to play for hours.+IB0-181 
Monkeys  were  faced  with  three  kinds  of 
games:  +IBw-two  with  clear  patterns  (the  correct 
answer  tended  to  repeat  on  one  side  or  to 
alternate from side to side) and a third in which 
the  lucky  pick  was  completely  random.+IB0-182 
They  picked  up  on  consistent  patterns  in  the 
first two games, +IBw-but in the random scenarios, 
the monkeys continued  to make choices as  if 
they expected a  +IBg-streak.+IBk-  In other words, even 
when  rewards  were  random,  the  monkeys 

favored  one  side.  The  monkeys  showed  the 
hot-hand  bias  consistently  over  weeks  of 
play.+IB0-183 Almost like being stuck in a casino, the 
three  +IBw-subjects+IB0-  played  an  average  of  3,732 
games.184 
Based  upon  the  monkeys+IBk-  behavior, 
the  researchers  concluded  monkeys  share 
+IBw-our  unfounded  belief  in  winning  and  losing 
streaks.+IB0-185  +IBw-Win-stay  strategies  appear  to 
be  more  natural  for  monkeys  than  win-shift 
ones,+IB0- details the study.186 
The researchers contend the study could 
+IBw-provide  nuance  to  our  understanding  of  free 
will+IB0-  or  even  +IBw-inform  treatment  for  gambling 
addiction.+IB0-187  But  taxpayers  are  likely  to  go 
totally bananas that NSF is monkeying around 
with federal research dollars. 
The  project  is  being  funded  as  part  of  a 
$171,361  continuing  grant  to  be  provided  by 
the  National  Science  Foundation  from  June 
2013 to May 2018.188 

11

WASTEBOOK 2014$331,0007$171,0008+AAw-Subsidies for Sports Stadiums 
Leave Taxpayers Holding the Bill

For millions of sports fans, Fall in America 
means  watching  the  first  weeks  of  football 
season  and  catching  baseball  playoff  games 
from the comfort of their couch. Many of these 
exciting showdowns are played in spectacular 
new stadiums largely paid for in part with tax-
free  financing.  Yet, with  some  tickets  costing 
hundreds  of  dollars,  many  taxpayers  cannot 
afford to attend a game or enjoy the stadiums 
they helped build. 
Through  the  use  of  municipal  bonds, 
state  and  local  governments  are  able  to 
finance  the  building  of  multi-million  dollar 
sporting arenas to support their favorite local 
team  and  wealthy  franchise  owners.  The 
interest  earned  by  investors  on  these  bonds 
is not subject  to  federal  income  tax,  resulting 
in hundreds of millions of dollars in lost federal 
revenue. 
The only loser in this game is the taxpayer. 
This  tax  preference  for  the  pros  costs 
the  government  $146  million  in  lost  revenue 
every year, in tax exemptions on interest from 

government  bonds  for  sporting  facilities, 
according  to  a  Bloomberg  analysis  of  U.S. 
Treasury data.189 
Dallas Cowboy  fans may not cheer quite 
as  loud  this  year  considering  their  unrivaled 
new  stadium  was  financed  by  government 
bonds,  resulting  in  more  than  $65  million 
in  subsidies  to  investors  over  the  next  29 
years.190  Despite  helping  to  pay  for  the 
stadium, visitors will have to pay up to $27.50 
if they even want to tour facility, which boasts 
a  +IBw-600-ton,  four-screen  video+IB0-  jumbotron, 
a  retractable  ceiling,  art  galleries,  and  +IBw-320 
suites with polished marble floors and granite 
counters+IB0-  that  can  cost  up  to  $500,000  to 
lease per season.191 
On  the  East  Coast,  New  York+IBk-s  beloved 
Yankees  are  hitting  homeruns  in  the  second 
most expensive baseball stadium ever built,192 
in  part  thanks  to  $942  million  in  tax-free 
financing,  resulting  in  revenue  losses  of  at 
least $231 million over 30 years.193 
These  aren+IBk-t  the  only  teams  winning 

big,  even  if  they  lose  a  game  or  two  in  their 
swanky  stadiums.  Bloomberg+IBk-s  investigation 
revealed,  +IBw-There  are  21  NFL  owners  whose 
teams  play  in  stadiums  built  or  renovated  in 
the past quarter-century using tax-free public 
borrowing.  Such  municipal  debt  helped  build 
structures  used  by  64  major-league  teams, 
including baseball, hockey and basketball.+IB0-194 
The exclusion of interest from the income 
tax  functions  as  a  federal  subsidy  through 
the  tax  code  for  state  and  local  government 
borrowing  and  for  the  team  owners  who 
do  not  have  to  put  up  as  much  of  their  own 
money.  The  direct  tax  subsidy  is  claimed  by 
the  investors  who  do  not  pay  taxes  on  the 
interest earned from these bonds. 
The  federal  tax  preference  for  pro 
stadiums  was  not  created  intentionally,  and 
in  fact,  Congress  specifically  attempted  to 
prohibit  tax-exempt  financing  of  stadiums. 
But,  Congress  left  the  door  open  for  local 
governments 
to  use 
tax-free  municipal 
bonds  to  help  build  the  stadiums  with 
taxpayer  help.195  Municipal  bonds,  however, 
are  supposed  to  be  used  to  finance  capital 
projects  such  as  buildings,  utilities,  and 
transportation  infrastructure,196  not  subsidize 
athletic  arenas  for  multi-million  dollar  sports 
franchises. 
Congress  should  leave  the game playing 
to the professionals and stop asking taxpayers 
to take a penalty for the home team. 

Tax-free financing for sports stadiums like the Dallas Cowboys+IBk- arena, leave taxpayers holding the bill, costing $146 million every year. 

12

WASTEBOOK 2014$146 million9+AAw-toenails  on  his  pizza,  eating  brains  for 
lunch,  having  his  intestines  for  a  belt,  and 
hanging  out  with  his  best  friends,  graveyard 
worms.+IB0-200  Af ter  a  series  of  unsuccessful 
dates,  Mortimer  f inally  places  a  personal  ad 
in  hopes  of  meeting  his  one  true  love,  who 
he hopes will show up to the school dance.201 
NEA  of f icials  gave  taxpayer  assistance 
to  the  show  over  other  applicants,  citing 
its  accessibility  for  younger  audiences  +IBM- 
Mortimer  +IBw-exemplif ies  anyone  who  has  felt 
like an outsider +IB0-202 +IBM- and recommended it for 
all audiences aged four and up.203 
The show is billed as family-friendly, but 
zombie  enthusiasts  will  be  glad  to  know  +IBw-[t]
here  is  some  brain  eating,  but  it +IBk-s  gentle,+IB0- 
noted the theatre+IBk-s spokesperson.204 
To  accompany  the  show,  the  Oregon 
Children+IBk-s  Theatre  produced  a  +IBw-teacher 
resource  guide+IB0-  to  help  students 
learn 
the  show+IBk-s  big  lessons,  such  as,  +IBw-Even  the 
undead have feelings+IB0- and +IBw-The right special 
someone  will  appreciate  your  unique,  weird, 
and  spooky  qualities.+IB0-205  Included  inside  is 
+IBw-vocabulary  from  the  play,+IB0-  with  words  such 
as +IBw-putrid,+IB0- +IBw-maggots+IB0- and +IBw-fungus.+IB0-206 
This  is  the  f if th  consecutive  year  the 
Oregon  Children+IBk-s  Theatre  received  an  NEA 
grant, and according to its Managing Director, 
support  for  the  theatre+IBk-s  productions 
is 
[the  Oregon 
+IBw-critical,+IB0-  +IBw-signal[ing] 
that 
Children+IBk-s  Theatre+IBk-s]  work 
is  recognized 
and  respected  nationally.+IB0-207  Af ter  seeing 
the  show  at  the  Oregon  Children+IBk-s  Theatre, 
one  mom+IBk-s  assessment  of  the  show  noted, 
+IBw-It  was  like  High  School  Musical,  but  with 
Zombies.+IB0-208 
While  zombies  are  popular  among 
young  adults,  parents  probably  question 
whether  a  story  about  the  +IBw-undead+IB0-  eating 
brains  is  for  children  since  these  aren+IBk-t  the 
typical subjects of tales by Dr. Seuss or other 
popular children+IBk-s  f iction over  the years. The 
TV  series  +IBw-The  Walking  Dead,+IB0-  for  example, 
+IBw-carries a rating of TV-MA, which def ines the 
content  as  a  program  intended  for  viewing 
by  people  17  and  older.+IB0-209  And  the  recent 
reanimation  of  the  +IBw-Night  of  the  Living  of 
Dead+IB0- was rated R, in part, for +IBw-bloody horror 
violence.+IB0-210  While  +IBw-Zombie  in  Love+IB0-  is  more 
lighthearted  than  these  with  a  more  upbeat 
message,  the  underlying  premise  still  may 
not  be  the  most  age-appropriate  story  for  a 
children+IBk-s theater. 

13

Teen Zombie Sings, Tries to Get a 
Date to the Dance

While  most  zombies  want  to  eat  your 
brains,  there+IBk-s  one  that  wants  to  steal  your 
heart.  His  story  is  told  in  a  taxpayer-funded 
stage  production  about  the  ups-and-downs 
of a  lovesick zombie who can+IBk-t  f ind a date  in 
the land of the living.197 

The  National  Endowment  for  the  Arts 
(NEA)  awarded  $10,000  to  the  Oregon 
Children+IBk-s  Theatre  to  produce  +IBw-Zombie  in 
Love,+IB0-198 a musical about Mortimer, a teenage 
zombie  +IBw-dying  to  f ind  true  love.+IB0-199 He+IBk-s  your 
typical  zombie  teenager who,  +IBw-like[s]  having 

WASTEBOOK 2014$10,00010+AAw-Watching Grass Grow

The federal government is literally paying 
people to watch grass grow. 
the  grass  being  observed, 
While 
saltmarsh  cordgrass 
is 
+IBw-a 
fast-growing 
plant,+IB0-211 it can reach a length of 6 inches to as 
high as 7 feet tall.212 
The  Department  of  Interior +IBk-s  U.S.  Fish 
and  Wildlife  Service  is  spending  $10,000  on 
the  project  being  conducted  in  the  Guana-
Tolomato-Matanzas  preserve  by  the  Florida 
Department  of  Environmental  Protection 
(FDEP).  The  money  will  +IBw-cover  the  cost  to 
monitor  grasses,  restore  two  acres  as  a 
demonstration  and  publish  a  guide  on  best 

practices for cultivating the cordgrass, known 
formally as Spartina alterniflora+IB0-213 
+IBw-Spartina is used a lot now in places that 
aren+IBk-t natural, from highway berms and ridges 
to  manicured  golf  courses,+IB0-  according  to  the 
vice  president  of  Beeman+IBk-s  Nursery  in  New 
Smyrna Beach.214 
+IBw-About  40,000  plugs  of  Spartina  will 
be  pulled  individually+IB0-  out  of  salt  marsh  and 
observers  will  +IBw-painstakingly  document  how 
fast it returns.+IB0-215 
+IBw-Where  plugs  of  grass  are  removed, 
photos are run through computer software to 
figure  the number of plants  still  standing  and 

NIH Asks if Moms Love 
Dogs as Much as Kids

Mothers have the same reaction when look-
ing  at  photos  of  their  dogs  as  they  do  to  those 
of  their  own  kids,  according  to  recent  govern-
ment-funded research published this year.218 
The unique  relationship between man and 
his  pets  is  nothing  new.  +IBw-Humans  began  do-
mesticating  dogs  to  serve  in  a  variety  of  roles, 
including as human companion or +IBg-pets+IBk-, 18,000-
32,000  years  ago,+IB0-  the  authors  wrote  in  their 
study.219  +IBw-Approximately 2/3 of U.S. households 
have  pets,  and  over  $50  billion  is  spent  annu-
ally  on  their  care+ICY-Many  people  have  a  strong 
emotional  attachment  to  their  pets+ICY-half  of  pet 
owners consider their pet as much a part of the 
family as any member of the household.+IB0-220 
Science  has  already  shown  +IBw-very  similar 
results  for  human  infants+IBk-  and  dogs+IBk-  behaviors 
with their mother or owner have been described 
under  high  and  low  stress  conditions.+IB0-221  And, 
bonding has +IBw-been implicated in human-human 
and owner-dog pairs.+IB0-222 
But  apparently  never  had  mothers+IBk-  brains 
been  monitored  while  viewing  photos  of  their 

kids and dogs. This new study was described by 
the  scientists  as  +IBw-the  first  report  of  a  compari-
son  of  fMRI-related  brain  activation  patterns  in 
women when  they viewed  images of  their child 
and dog.+IB0-223 
Participating moms were solicited  +IBw-via ad-
vertisement  in  local  media,  veterinary  clinics, 
dog  parks+IB0-  and  a  hospital  research  program.224 
Dogs  and  children  were  first  +IBw-photographed  in 
the  participants+IBk-  home.+IB0-225  Mothers  were  then 
shown  a  series  of  dog  and  child  photos  from 
other  participants  in  the  study,  as  well  as  pho-
tos of their own.226 As they looked at each, their 
brains were monitored with an MRI scanner.227 
+IBw-Mothers reported similar emotional ratings 
for their child and dog, which elicited greater pos-
itive  emotional  responses  than  unfamiliar  chil-
dren  and  dogs,+IB0-  and  their  brains  acted  in  similar 
ways in viewing both their own kids and dogs.228 
Two of the scientists performing the study 
received a combined total of $371,026 from the 
National Institutes of Health this year, money in-
tended for work in addiction research.229 

14

how  much  ground  they  cover.  A  chest-high 
square  of  PVC-like  tubing  with  strings  pulled 
into a grid makes it easier to track growth and 
thinning in the grasses.+IB0-216 
What  lessons  might  be  learned  from 
watching  the  grass  grown  back?  +IBw-Grasses 
that  are  thinned  differently  from  one  grid 
to  another  could  end  up  pointing  to  lessons 
in  the  grass+IBk-s  resilience.  If  20  percent  of 
the  Spartina  is  pulled  out  in  one  grid  and 
grows  back  as  completely  as  the  grass  in  an 
area  where  only  10  percent  was  taken,+IB0-  the 
project +IBk-s restoration coordinator said +IBw-it could 
mean  there+IBk-s  no  apparent  effect  from  taking 
that much more.+IB0-217 
While  the  project  may  yield  some  new 
understandings  of  how  to  grow  cordgrass, 
it 
looks  more 
like 
just  another  weed  of 
government  waste  in  the  federal  budget. 
There  are  much  more  pressing  challenges 
facing  our  nation  that  we  should  focus  on 
than watching grass grow. 

NIH Director Dr. Francis Collins this year claimed that the agency is 
+IBw-throwing away probably half of the innovative, talented research 
proposal+IBk-s that the nation+IBk-s finest biomedical community has produced,+IB0- 
due to budget constraints.231 

Their  next  step  is  to  include  +IBw-more  people 
and  look  at  how men  and women without  chil-
dren  reacted  to  photos  of  babies  and  pets  as 
well.+IB0-230 

WASTEBOOK 2014$10,00011$371,02612+AAw-Taxpayers Help NY 
Brewery Build Beer Farm

+IBw-This is the golden age for beer,+IB0- declared 
GQ  in  September  2014,  owing  largely  to 
the  explosion  in  craft  beer  throughout  the 
U.S.232  With  nearly  2,800  craft  brewers 
operating around the nation, the ongoing beer 
renaissance shows no signs of letting up. 
Even  the  White  House  got  in  on  the 
act  when  in  2012  President  Obama  began 
brewing his own Honey Brown Ale and Honey 
Porter.  Using  honey  from  the  grounds,  it  was 
the  first  time  any  president  has  brewed  beer 
right from the White House.233 
One  New  York  company  in  particular, 
Empire  Brewing,  has  been  especially 
successful  in  growing  its  business,  offering 
popular  beers  such  as  its  Chocolate  Mint 

Stout,  Blueberry  Ale  and  Empire  Strikes 
Bock.234 
In  2014,  the  brewer  was  given 
$200,000  to  expand  from  one  location  in 
Syracuse to a second in Cazenovia, New York, 
where  it  plans  to  open  farm  and  brewpub.235 
Funding was made  available  through  the U.S. 
Department  of  Agriculture+IBk-s  Value-Added 
Producer Grant program.236 
The  second  location  will  be  called  the 
Empire  Farmstead  Brewery,  a  22-acre  farm 
with a 28,000 square-foot building  to  include 
a  brewing  facility,  restaurant,  gift  shop  and 
tasting  room.237  Company  officials  expect  it 
to  attract,  +IBw-the  brewing  community,  farmers, 
educators,  hop  historians,+IB0-  and  not  to  be 
forgotten, +IBw-beer geeks.+IB0-238 

An artistic rendition of Empire Farmstead 
Brewery. 
Empire  Brewing+IBk-s  owner,  David  Katelski, 
gushed that the new location was +IBw-significant,+IB0- 
because,  +IBw-it  allows  us  to  get  more  beer  out 
there.+IB0-239 
Taxpayers  might  wonder  why  in  a  year 
that  the  federal  deficit  will  exceed  half  of  a 
trillion  dollars  they  are  subsidizing  one  beer 
company+IBk-s  operations.  In  2013,  the  U.S.  craft 
beer  market  was  $14.3  billion,  an  increase 
of  nearly  $2.5  billion  over  the  year  prior, 
according to the Brewers Association.240 
Senator  Chuck  Schumer,  an  advocate 
for  the  federal  subsidy,  acknowledged,  +IBw-The 
craft  brew  industry  is  booming  in  Central 
New York, and Empire is one of the breweries 
leading  the  way.+IB0-241  With  the  grant,  Empire 
Brewing  will  be  well  on  its  way  to  becoming 
one  of  the  largest  brewing  operations  in  the 
state of New York.242 
Asked  about  expanding  his  operations 
to  include  a  +IBw-brew  farm,+IB0-  Katleski  noted,  +IBw-It +IBk-s 
going to be a lot of fun.+IB0-243 

NIH Director Dr. Francis Collins this year claimed that the agency is 
+IBw-throwing away probably half of the innovative, talented research 
proposal+IBk-s that the nation+IBk-s finest biomedical community has produced,+IB0- 
due to budget constraints.231 

Sen. Chuck Schumer at a press conference to announce federal funding for the Empire Brewing Company. 

15

WASTEBOOK 2014$200,00013+AAw-Colorado Orchestra Targets 
Youth with Stoner Symphony

As  fewer  Americans  regularly  attend  the 
symphony,  one  orchestra  in  Colorado  has  an 
idea to draw in new patrons: smoking dope. 
Hoping to raise some funds, the Colorado 
Symphony  Orchestra  hosted 
+IBw-Classically 
Cannabis: The High Note Series,+IB0- a marijuana-
themed musical revue that encourages people 
not  only  to  show  up,  but  to  smoke  up.244  The 
events 
featured  classical  selections 
from 
Debussy, Bach, Wagner and Puccini, as well as 
a  +IBw-small  outdoor  area  with  food  trucks  and  a 
pair of  ice cream and popsicle vendors, where 
attendees also openly smoked cannabis.+IB0-245 
One of the three concerts, called Summer 
Monsoon,  advertised  on  its  website  this  way, 
+IBw-Smoke  up  and  fill  your  belly  with  Manna+IBk-s 
spiced pork, Sesame Seed Teriyaki Chicken, & 
Filipino Empanadas.+IB0-246 
Pot dealers were not allowed to sell inside 
the  shows,  but  people  were  encouraged  to 
bring their own and smoke  just before walking 
in. For those who wanted to take a drag during 
the show organizers provided an outdoor patio, 
which  according  to  spokesperson  Laura  Bond 

+IBw-Classically Cannabis: The High Note Series marks a new 
partnership between the Colorado Symphony and the 
industry that supports legal cannabis in Colorado.+IB0- 

U.S.  Coast  Guard
Party Patrols

Faced  with  budget  cuts,  the  U.S.  Coast 
Guard  reduced drug  and migrant  interdictions 
while  continuing  to  provide  free  patrols  in  the 
waters  along  +IBw-some  of  the  country+IBk-s  most 
exclusive  real  estate+IB0-  to  stop  uninvited  guests 
from crashing private parties. 
While  taxpayers  appreciate  the  crucial 
role  the  Coast  Guard  serves  protecting  our 
nation+IBk-s waterways  and  rescuing  nearly  5,000 
people a year,255 most are probably unaware its 
crewmen  also  serve  as  bouncers  to  keep  the 
general  public  and  other  uninvited  guests  out 
of private events on and along yachts, beaches, 

and estates. 
+IBw-For some regattas, yacht club parties and 
even  weddings,  the  maritime  agency  assigns 
boats and crews to enforce +IBg-safety zones,+IBk-+IB0- like 
+IBw-it  does  for  public  fireworks  displays  such  as 
the  Macy+IBk-s  Fourth  of  July  celebration  in  New 
York  City.+IB0-256  And  +IBw-unlike  police  agencies  that 
provide  security  support  for  private  events 
on  land,  the  Coast  Guard  does  not  seek 
reimbursement, leaving the bill to taxpayers.+IB0-257 
+IBw-While  the  Coast  Guard+IBk-s  efforts  are 
intended  to  protect  other  boaters  drawn  to 
events,  at  least  in  some  cases,  the  hosts  of 

16

was needed because marijuana smoke  is, +IBw-not 
good for people who play the saxophone.+IB0-247 
In  2014,  funding  for  the  orchestra 
in 
the  amount  of  $15,000  was  provided  by  the 
National  Endowment  for  the  Arts  through  its 
+IBw-Art  Works+IB0-  program.248  Art  Works  grants  are 
for  +IBw-innovative  projects+IB0-  that  offer  insights 
through +IBw-unconventional solutions.+IB0-249 However, 
while current federal law prohibits possession or 
distribution  of marijuana,  the  orchestra will  not 
have to return the NEA grant.250 
Event  organizers  emphasized  the  need 
to  attract  Colorado+IBk-s  young  people.  +IBw-The 
audience  has  been  getting  older  and  smaller,+IB0- 
said  Colorado  Symphony  CEO  Jerry  Kern, 
adding  +IBw-It+IBk-s  innovate  or  die.  It+IBk-s  change  or  die. 
It+IBk-s  reach  new  people  or  die,  and  we+IBk-re  not 
going to die.+IB0-251 
However,  some  of  the  orchestra+IBk-s  older 
patrons  complained,  fearing  the  symphony 
would  follow  suit  the  Florida Orchestra, which 
tried  to  draw  in  a  younger  crowd  with  music 
from  popular  video  games.252  Bond  offered 
reassurances,  though,  +IBw-We+IBk-re  not  bringing  in 
Snoop Dogg as an artist.+IB0-253 
Others  were  thrilled.  +IBw-I  am  watching 
history  being  made!+IB0-  a  gray-haired  woman 
named Roxanne Prescott told a Slate reporter, 
+IBw-I don+IBk-t like all those I call punk-ass dead-head 
stoners.  This  is  more  comfortable  for  me.  It 
feels upper class.+IB0-254 

private  events  that  receive  safety  zones  are 
clear that the intent is not to benefit the public,+IB0- 
according to the Associated Press. 
In  July,  +IBw-two  orange  boats  carrying  nine 
Coast Guard service members, all clad in body 
armor  and  some  carrying  handguns,+IB0-  were 
stations  in  Long  Island  Sound.  Their  mission: 
Keep  other  boaters  away  from  a  +IBw-barge 
launching celebratory fireworks+IB0- for a wedding 
party  on  Glen  Island,  +IBw-which  is  connected  to 
the  mainland  by  a  drawbridge  and  taken  up 
mostly by a park  that was  first developed as a 
summer  resort  by  a  congressman  in  the  19th 
century.+IB0-258 
+IBw-The  15-minute  display  cost  close  to 
$100,000,+IB0-  according  to  Charlie  DeSalvo, 
executive  producer  of  Fireworks  by  Grucci.259 
+IBw-This  is  a  world-class  Grucci  choreographed 
barge,+IB0-  bragged  DeSalvo  said.  +IBw-This  is  not 
a  fireworks  show  that  would  normally  be 
produced for the  local fire department at their 
carnival.+IB0-260  So  while  the  party  hosts  could 

WASTEBOOK 2014$15,00014$100,000 or more15+AAw-afford  $100,000  for  just  the  fireworks  display, 
they did not have to pay a cent for the security 
of  their  event,  which  was  provided  as  an  in-
kind wedding present from the taxpayers. 
The  Coast  Guard  boats  arrived  around 
8  p.m.,  +IBw-when  they  turned  on  blue 
law 
enforcement  lights.  Petty  Officer  2nd  Class 
Geoffrey Burns sounded a siren as they pulled 
up to+IB0- an uninvited boat. +IBw-I need you to go this 
way,+IB0- Burns instructed the boater.261 
+IBw-We+IBk-re not protecting the wedding. We+IBk-re 
protecting  the  people  from  the  wedding,+IB0-  ex-
plained  a  Coast  Guard  spokesman  in  New 
York.262 
in  the  sky  and 
+IBw-As  fireworks  sizzled 
exploded  into  brilliant  colors,  Jason  Grimm, 
a  chief  warrant  officer,  said  the  crew  had  to 
stay  extra  vigilant.+IB0-263  The  Coast  Guard  boats 
+IBw-remained at the scene for two hours, lingering 
after  the  show ended +ICY- although  there wasn+IBk-t 
much boat traffic.+IB0-264 
The  cost  to  taxpayers  of  the  party  patrol 
that evening for the two 25-foot boats that are 
worth $1,500 an hour, totaled $6,000.265 
The  Associated  Press  found  +IBw-active-du-
ty  Coast  Guard  crews  are  involved  in  securi-
ty  for  dozens  of  privately  sponsored  events+IB0- 
just  in  New  York  and  the  Long  Island  Sound, 
which is +IBg-lined with some of the country+IBk-s most 
exclusive  real  estate.+IB0-266  The  Coast  Guard, 
however,  is  unable  to  estimate  the  actual 
cost  for  patrolling  private  party  safety  zones 

and  +IBw-the  deployment  of  resources  varies  for 
each  event.+IB0-  267  The  Associated  Press  notes, 
however,  that  +IBw-a manual of Coast Guard  reim-
bursement  rates  lists  small  response  boats  at 
about $1,500 per hour and medium-size boats 
at  more  than  $8,000  per  hour,  in  the  event 
they  are  dispatched  for  what  turns  out  to  be 
a hoax.+IB0-268 [A bogus call for help is the only cir-
cumstance  in which  the Coast Guard  charges 
for  dispatching  boats.269]  So  the  Coast  Guard 
is  likely  forfeiting $100,000 or more  in  just  the 
New  York  area  alone  this  year  that  could  be 
collected  in re-imbursements and put towards 
drug interdiction efforts elsewhere. 
Even 
the  height  of 
last  year  at 
sequestration+IBk-s  impact  as  the  Coast  Guard 
reduced  +IBw-its  on-the-water  operations  around 
Long  Island  by  as  much  as  25  percent,+IB0-  it 
continued  +IBw-to  help  with  the  planning  and 
then  be  present  at  larger  events  such  as  the 
Memorial  Day  weekend  air  show  at  Jones 
Beach State Park.+IB0-270 The Coast Guard docked 
cutters,  which  USCG  Commandant  Admiral 
Bob  Papp 
lamented  +IBw-was  a  tremendous, 
tremendous waste of assets.+IB0- +IBw-We+IBk-ve got good 
ships  and  good  people  out  there  that  want  to 
do their  jobs, but putting  fuel  in ships  is one of 
the  most  expensive  things  we  do,  and  during 
sequestration  the  only  option  we  had  was  to 
cut  money  out  of  operations,+IB0-  according  to 
Papp.  Faced  with  $200  million  in  budget  cuts 
under sequester, Papp claimed +IBw-the only place 

that we could squeeze it a little bit was in drug 
interdiction  and  migrant 
interdiction.+IB0-271  He 
noted  +IBw-during  normal  operations  there  might 
be six or seven ships deployed in the Caribbean 
or  Eastern  Pacific,  but  at  times  last  year  the 
Coast Guard had only one ship on either side of 
Central America. The result of that decrease in 
availability of ships resulted in 30 percent more 
cocaine made it through the transit zone.+IB0-272 
Yet  +IBw-the  New  Haven-based  Long  Island 
Sound  sector  of  the  Coast  Guard  deployed 
active-duty  vessels,  auxiliary  Coast  Guard 
boats  or  both  for  most  of  the  safety  zones 
involving 
fireworks  displays 
last 
year, 
according  to Lt. Ben Duarte,  the sector +IBk-s chief 
of  waterways  management.  Of  60  safety 
zones  listed  in  the  sector +IBk-s  register  last  year, 
the  agency  said,  21  were  sponsored  by  a  city 
or  town.  The  rest  were  privately  sponsored, 
including  many  fireworks  displays  put  on  by 
yacht  clubs  and  beach  clubs+IB0-  and  a  privately 
sponsored  fireworks  display  by  the  owners 
of  the  Foxwoods  Resort  Casino.  +IBw-In  the  New 
York  sector,  31  of  43  safety  zones  last  year 
were  supported  by  active-duty  Coast  Guard. 
About half of  the events are  typically privately 
sponsored.+IB0-273 
The  Coast  Guard+IBk-s  vital  missions  should 
not  be  compromised  by  spending 
limited 
resources  deploying  crews  to  interdict  party 
crashers  rather  than  drugs  dealers  or  others 
who pose a threat to the security of our nation.

While the Coast Guard reduced drug and migrant interdictions, the maritime agency continued to provide free patrols to interdict potential uninvited guests from crashing exclusive private parties on 
17
yachts and beaches, costing thousands of dollars per event. 

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-Chronicling
Vermont+IBk-s Radical 
Hippie Movement in 
the 1970+IBk-s

+IBw-Nudity,  psychedelic  drugs  and  free 
love+IB0-  is  how  one  person  remembers  life  at 
the Tree Frog Farm, a Vermont commune. 
It  and  other Vermont  communes will  be 
the  focus  of  new  federally  funded  project  to 
document  life  among  the  state+IBk-s  communal 
hippie radicals during the 1970+IBk-s. 
The 
Society 
Vermont  Historical 
is 
launching  a  two-year  project  called 
+IBw-Colleges,  Communes  and  Coops:  1970+IBk-s 
Counterculture  and  Its  Lasting  Influence 
on  Vermont +IB0-  to  conduce  oral  interviews 
and  collect  artifacts  from  the  time  peri-
od.274  Support  for  the  ef fort  is  being  provid-
ed  by  the  Institute  for  Museum  and  Library 
Services in the form of an $117,521 grant.275 
With 
the 
federal  money,  +IBw-Vermont 
Historical  Society  (VHS)  will  undertake 
a  project  to  research  and  document  the 
political,  social,  and  cultural  changes  of  the 
1970s in Vermont to create a body of primary 
resources  for  this  period  in  Vermont +IBk-s  state 
history.+IB0-276 
+IBw-In  the  1960s  and  early  1970s,+IB0-  VHS 
explains,  +IBw-Vermont acquired a  reputation  for 
being  a  haven  for  hippies  and  a  hotbed  of 
countercultural communal living.+IB0-277 
Peter  Simon  lived  on  Tree  Frog  Farm 
from  1970  to  1972 ,  recalling,  +IBw-The  highlights 
were the sense that we were doing something 
totally unique and dif ferent, rebelling against 
society  +ICY-  Getting  away  from  city  life  was 
one of the ingredients. I always liked walking 
around barefoot and going around naked.+IB0-278 
Life  at  the  Free  Farm  was  similar  until 
it  burned  to  the  ground,  remembered  one-
time  resident  Robert  Houriet,  noting  that 
they  weren+IBk-t  always  appreciated  by  the 
locals, +IBw-+IBg-The Free Farm was  in plain view of a 
building where the local Democrats met, and 
they  got  of fended  by  all  the  weeds  and  the 
bare-breasted women.+IB0-279 
Verandah  Porche,  a  former  commune 
dweller  who 
later  became  a  successful 
photographer,  summed  up  her  experience 
this  way,  +IBw-In  1968,  we  were  a  bunch  of 
ignoramuses  +ICY-  but  the  commune  became  a 
village.+IB0-280 

USDA+IBk-s +IBw-Perfect Poop Pak+IB0- 
Smells Like Government Waste

One  man+IBk-s  waste  may  be  another  man+IBk-s 
treasure,  but  in  the  case  of  a  $50,000  federal 
grant, one animal+IBk-s waste has become its own-
er +IBk-s treasure. 
Virginia  Mary+IBk-s  Alpaca,  LLC  received  a 
$50,000  Value-Added  Producer  Grant  from 
the U.S. Department of Agriculture to process, 
package  and  market  Alpaca  manure  as  plant 
fertilizer,+IB0- commercially sold as +IBw-Poop Paks.+IB0-281 
The  company  boasts  that  its  product  is 
the +IBw-perfect POOP.+IB0-282 
+IBw-Packaged 
in  colorful,  unmistakable 
green bags,+IB0- the Alpaca Poop Paks are +IBw-hand-
tied  using  rustic hemp  twine  and  recycled pa-
per tags.+IB0-283 Twenty Poop Paks retail for $29.95 

plus shipping costs.284 
+IBw-The+IB0-  Mary,  for  which  the  company  and 
farm  are  named,  has  been winning  awards  for 
her  alpaca  pets  for  over  15  years.285  Her  160 
acre  farm  located  in  The  Plains,  Virginia,  is 
home  to  140  alpacas  that  she  raises  and  sells 
(A  +IBw-roaming+IB0-  camera  will  soon  be  installed  to 
broadcast  the  movements  of  the  alpacas  live 
on the internet).286 
Of  course,  buying  and  selling  Alpaca ma-
nure  as  fertilizer  is  not  new.  It  is  widely  avail-
able  from  retailers  online  and  from  those  who 
may  have  pet  alpacas.  It  has  become  a  pop-
ular  fertilizer,  in  part,  because  it  doesn+IBk-t  smell 
as bad  as other  types of waste,  unlike  the  foul 
odor of misspent tax dollars. 

18

Virginia Mary+IBk-s Alpaca received a $50,000 USDA grant to process, package and market alpaca +IBw-Poop Paks.+IB0-287

WASTEBOOK 2014$117,521$50,0001617+AAw-Synchronized 
Swimming for Sea 
Monkeys

Sea Monkeys have  captivated Americans 
for  generations.  The  novelty  pets,  which  are 
tiny  brine  shrimp,  have  been  regular  features 
on toy store shelves and advertisements on the 
pages  of  comic  books  since  the  1960s.  NASA 
even  launched  Sea  Monkeys  into  space  with 
John Glenn in 1998.288
Cartoon-style  ads  for  pet  Sea-Monkeys 
promise  that you can  learn  to +IBw-make  them ap-
pear  to  obey  your  commands,  follow  a  beam 
of  light,  do  loop-the-loops  and  even  seem  to 
dance when you play+IB0- music.289 The New York 
Times says it is +IBw-sort of true+IB0- that Sea Monkeys 
can be trained because they do follow light.290 
With the financial support of three govern-
ment  agencies,  researchers  put  these  claims 
to  the  test  and  essentially  choreographed  a 
laser  guided  synchronized  swim  team  of  Sea 
Monkeys  as  part  of  a  study  to  measure  the 
swirl created by their collective movements. 
Flashing  blue  and  green  laser  lights  lure 
the  aquatic  creatures  to move  in  the  same  di-
rection  within  an  aquarium.  +IBw-The  green  laser 
at the top of the tank provides a bright target+IB0- 
as  +IBw-a  blue  laser  rising  along  the  side  of  the 
tank lights up a path to guide them upward.+IB0-291 
The  spinning  of  +IBw-silver-coated  hollow  glass 
spheres+IB0-  in  the  water  is  tracked  with  +IBw-high-
speed  camera  and  a  red  laser+IB0- measures  how 
the  Sea  Monkey+IBk-s  +IBw-swimming  causes  the  sur-
rounding water to swirl.+IB0-292 
+IBw-Coaxing  Sea-Monkeys  to  swim  when 
and where you want them to  is even more dif-
ficult  than  it  sounds,+IB0-  said  John  Dabiri,  one  of 
the  project+IBk-s  researchers  and  a  professor  at 
California Institute of Technology (Caltech).293 
+IBw-It  turns  out  that  the  collective  swim-
ming  motion  of  Sea-Monkeys  and  other  zoo-
plankton+IBQ-swimming  plankton+IBQ-can  generate 
enough  swirling  flow  to  potentially  influence 
the  circulation  of  water  in  oceans,+IB0-  according 
to  the  researchers.  They  conducted  a  similar 
study with jellyfish in 2009 and reached similar 
conclusions  showing  +IBw-small  animals  can  gen-
erate flow in the surrounding water.+IB0- 
+IBw-Adding  up  the  effect  of  all  of  the  zoo-
plankton  in  the  ocean+IBQ-assuming  they  have 
a  similar  influence+IBQ-could  inject  as  much  as  a 
trillion watts of power  into  the oceans  to drive 
global  circulation,  Dabiri  says.  In  comparison, 

Sea Monkeys have captivated Americans for generations and now scientists are trying to determine the impact of the 
swirl created by the synchronized swimming of these tiny sea creatures may have on the flow of the ocean. 

Kids around the world are disappointed to learn that the sea 
monkey family in the advertisements is a little different than 
the result.

Sea Monkeys are guided to swim in a synchronized direction 
in this tank to measure the swirl of their collective motion.305 

the winds and tides contribute a combined two 
trillion watts.+IB0-294 
But +IBw-some oceanographers are skeptical of 
the claim that the movements of organisms con-
tribute significantly to ocean circulation+IB0- because 
+IBw-it+IBk-s  a  conceptual  leap  to  go  from  a  tankful  of 
Sea-Monkeys to oceans filled with plankton.+IB0-295 
Christian  Noss,  an  environmental  phys-
icist  at  the  University  of  Koblenz-Landau  in 
Germany,  is  +IBw-not  convinced  the  effect  would 
scale up from the  laboratory to the ocean.+IB0- He 
acknowledges  +IBw-the  study  was  well  designed+IB0- 
but notes +IBw-unlike water in a small tank, water in 
the ocean is often stratified, with denser layers 
lying underneath lighter ones. Noss+IBk-s work with 
another  tiny  crustacean,  known  as  Daphnia, 
showed  that  stratified  conditions  dampened 
the mixing produced by these animals.+IB0-296 
The Sea Monkey researchers are planning 
more  realistic  studies,  such  as  using  +IBw-a  tank 
with  increased  water  density  at  the  bottom, 
which  imitates  real-life  ocean  conditions.+IB0-297 

Dabiri  also  +IBw-plans  to  test  the  stratification 
question  and  hopes  to  perform  the  same  ex-
periments at a larger scale in the ocean.+IB0-298 
Of  course,  the  subjects  of  this  study  are 
not  actually  monkeys  with  fins  and  gills,  but 
rather  brine  shrimp,  which  were  given  the 
moniker  +IBw-Sea  Monkeys+IB0-  because  their  tail  re-
sembles  a  monkey+IBk-s  tail.+IB0-299  The  tiny  animals 
are about half an inch long with +IBw-about 10 small 
leaf-like fins that flap about.+IB0-300 
The  Sea  Monkey  study  was  funded  by  the 
National Science Foundation (NSF) and the Office 
of  Naval  Research  with  support  from  the  U.S.-
Israel  Binational  Science  Foundation.301  The  NSF 
funding is part of a $307,524 collaborate research 
grant that runs through February 2015.302 
With kits available online303 and many  toy 
stores,304 you can try to train your own team of 
synchronized  swimming  Sea  Monkeys  for  as 
little as $12. 

19

WASTEBOOK 2014$307,52418+AAw-Penn  State  Shame  Study Asks  How To 
Boost  Morale  After Scandal

Disgraced  in  the  wake  of  the  revelation  that  a  Penn  State  assistant 
football coach had been sexually abusing children for years, and the cover 
up that ensued, Penn State is turning its public shame into public subsidies. 
Former  football  coaching  assistant  Jerry  Sandusky  has  been 
convicted of sexually abusing ten boys and the former school president, 
vice  president  and  athletic  director  are  awaiting  trial  for  allegedly 
attempting to cover-up the scandal.306 
The  National  Collegiate  Athletic  Association  levied  a  $60  million 
penalty  against  Penn  State  to  fund  +IBw-programs  preventing  child  sexual 
abuse or assisting victims.+IB0-307 
The  school  is  also  sponsoring  a  study+IBQ-this  one  funded  by  the 
federal  government+IBQ-to  determine  how  to  +IBw-protect  employee  well-being 
in  organizational  settings  where,  too  often,  there  is  negative  media  and 
scandal.+IB0-308 Using  the  scandal  as  the  basis  for  the  study,  a  $41,000  grant 
from the National Science Foundation is paying to examine +IBw-how to protect 
employee well-being+IB0- in organizations +IBw-when pride becomes shame.+IB0-309 
+IBw-Employees  vary  in  their  organizational  identification,  the  extent 
they view themselves as personally connected to and part of their work 

organization,+IB0-  the  researchers  note.  +IBw-When  the  organization  is  doing 
well,  such  identification  can  benefit  self-concept, motivational  energy, 
and  health,  which  is  especially  beneficial  for  front-line  employees 
because  they  actually  feel  the  enthusiasm  and  pride  they  need  to 
express  to  potential  clients  or  donors.  Paradoxically,  organizational 
identification  can  become  a  liability  if  the  organization  becomes 
associated with scandal or stigma, such that one+IBk-s pride-by-association 
turns  to  feelings  of  shame  and  betrayal.  In  such  cases,  those  who  are 
the  most  motivated  become  those  who  are  most  threatened;  how  do 
such  employees  respond,  and  how  does  this  affect  their  health  and 
performance?  To  answer  these  questions,  a  current  real-life  event, 
the  scandal  at  Pennsylvania  State  University,  provides  a  unique  time-
sensitive context.+IB0-310 
While  it  is  a  good  thing  for  everyone  to  learn  from  the  school+IBk-s 
mistakes  and  to  protect  students  and  employees  who  are  not 
responsible  for  the  inappropriate  actions  or  inactions  of  others  within 
an  organization,  taxpayers  should  not  have  to  subsidize  the  school+IBk-s 
self-reflection in scandal and shame. 

Promoting  U.S.  Culture  Around 
the  Globe  with  Nose  Flutists, 
State  Department  Idol

The  State  Department  spent  taxpayer 
dollars  to  dispel  the  perceptions  of Pakistani 
journalists  that  Americans  are  not  all  +IBw-fat, 
rude, and cold.+IB0-311 
+IBw-I  thought  you  would  be  fat  because  I 
have read that Americans are fat,+IB0- said one of 
the participating journalists.312 
In  total,  the  State  Department  spends 
$90  million  annually  on  cultural  exchange 
programs.  These  exchange  programs  are  in-
tended  to  increase  understanding  between 
the U.S. and +IBw-the people of other countries by 
means  of  educational  and  cultural  exchange 
that assist in the development of peaceful re-
lations,+IB0- that are intended to +IBw-build cross-cul-
tural bridges across the globe.313 314 

Here  are  more  examples  of  how  the 
State  Department  spends  $90  million  to 
bridge  the  gap  between  the  U.S.  and  other 
the rest of the world. 

Department  Of  State  Idol  -  Given  the 
success  of  music  reality  shows,  the  State 
Department  organizes  a  $1.5  million  dollar 
cultural  musical  exchange  program  +IBw-includ-
ing  public  concerts,  interactive  performanc-
es  with  local  traditional  musicians,  lecture 
demonstrations, workshops, jam sessions and 
media  interviews and performances.+IB0-315 Many 
apply for the opportunity to tour the world on 
the  taxpayer  dime,  and  the  grant  recipient 
selects  ten  bands  on  the  basis  of  +IBw-musical 

20

talent+IB0-  and  +IBw-strong  educational  programs, 
aptitude  in  arranging  music  from  around  the 
world  and  for  their  capacity  to  conduct  ef-
fective  cultural  diplomacy  programs.+IB0-316  The 
State Department directly participates  in the 
selection  of  bands  and  a  government  off icial 
served  as  a  judge  for  this  year +IBk-s  program.317 
The  judges  went  to  three  live  auditions  held 
in New York City, St. Louis and San Francisco 
all at taxpayer +IBk-s expense.318 
One of last year +IBk-s participants was a nose 
flutist,  or  more  appropriately,  a  +IBw-snoutist,+IB0-319 
This  year,  a  rapper  will  be  touring  the  world 
who  recently  released  a  song  titled  +IBw-Dem 
Shawts,+IB0-  which  includes  the  following  color-
ful  lyrics:  I  can+IBk-t  help  but  stare  when  you+IBk-re 
walking  past  though/Yo  I  can+IBk-t  lie+IBQ-y +IBk-all  got 
some  ass  though/If  you  don+IBk-t want me  look-
ing,  what  the  hell  you  wear  +IBg-em  for?320  His 
recent  album  also  features  cover  art  where 
a  woman  is  aiming  a  shotgun  at  the  artist +IBk-s 
head.321 

WASTEBOOK 2014$41,00019$90 million20+AAw-International  Band  Camp  -  Through 
its  grant  to  Bang  on  a  Can,  the  State 
Department 
is  spending  $1  million  on 
OneBeat, a program that gathers artists from 
across  the world  in one  location  for a month 
in Florida where  they collaborate and create 
music,  af ter  which  they  travel  the  country 
the  taxpayer  dime  to  perform  and  connect 
with one another.322 
The  website  for  OneBeat  describes  the 
program as +IBw-a musical journey like no other.+IB0-323 
In  2012 ,  the  artists  formed  a  flash  mob  at  a 
Wal-Mart  and  uploaded  a  video  of  it  onto 

YouTube  and  aptly  labeled  it  +IBw-Ruckus.+IB0-324  In 
2013,  the participants had an arts and craf ts 
session and created instruments from straws, 
balloons and corrugated  tubing.325 Later  that 
year,  they  toured  the  country  and  one  of 
their stops included a Washington, DC venue 
where a Russian beatboxer, a guy +IBw-plucking+IB0- 
his  mustache,  and  a  reggaeton  artist  who 
performed  a  song  about  government  being 
+IBw-on leave+IB0- and learning +IBw-how to represent.+IB0-326 
The government was shut down at the time. 
Not  only 
is  much  of  the  cultural 
exchange  funding  not  the  best  use  of 

taxpayer  funds,  the  program  is  poorly  run. 
Of ten,  only  a  portion  of  the  grant  funding 
is  reaching  the  participants+IBQ-the  money 
is 
being  spent,  in  large  part,  on  expenses  to  run 
the  organizations  which  include  salaries  and 
benef its and that can reach 30% of the amount 
awarded  by  agency.327  Some  grant  recipients 
also  budgeted  or  spent  a  substantial  portion 
of  their  awards  on  honoraria  costs,  at  times  15 
or 20%, which presumably were paid  to artists 
and other performers.328 

21

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-Free +IBw-High-End+IB0- Gym 
Memberships for 
DHS Bureaucrats

The  Department  of  Homeland  Security 
(DHS)  announced  earlier  this  year  that 
budget  cuts  +IBw-require[ed]  dif f icult  choices 
to  align  resources  to  address  the  greatest 
needs of the Department.+IB0-329 
Apparently one of  those greatest needs 
is  236  memberships  to  a  +IBw-state-of-the-art +IB0- 
gym  and  spa  in  downtown Washington, D.C. 
for  some  of  the  headquarters  employees 
of  Immigration  and  Customs  Enforcement 
(ICE),  a  DHS  component.330  The  gym,  Vida 
Fitness,  describes  itself  as  +IBw-more  than  just 
a  gym,+IB0-  of fering  an  +IBw-Aura  Spa,  Bang  Salon, 
Fuel Bar, Gear Shop, Endless Pools, luxurious 
locker  rooms,  and  the  roof top  Penthouse 
Pool and Lounge.+IB0-331 
Immigration  Customs  and  Enforcement 
(ICE) 
employees 
receive 
free 
gym 
memberships  at  a  state-of-the-art  facility 
courtesy of federal taxpayers 
Security 
The 
Transportation 
Administration  (TSA)  also  purchased  gym 
memberships  for  some  of 
its  personnel, 
spending  $52 ,650  on  a  contract  so  workers 
at Phoenix (Arizona) Sky Harbor International 
Airport could work out at a private club. 332 
Interestingly,  while  exercising  at  a 
private  gym  by  its  employees was  important 
enough  for  ICE  to  drop  $400,000  on  the 
priority,  walking  was  not:  the  agency  stated 
in  its  contract  requirements  that  the  gym 
must  be  less  than  526  feet  or  one  tenth  of  a 
mile  from  its  of f ice.333  Vida  Fitness  is  about 
360 feet from ICE+IBk-s front door.334 

22

Golf Club  Testing,  Elementary 
School Experiments  Aboard  the 
International Space  Station

It  doesn+IBk-t  take  a  rocket  scientist  to  design 
experiments  on  the  International  Space  Station 
(ISS).  In  fact,  sixth  graders  and  other  elementary 
student  are  proposing  some  of  the  studies  being 
conducted onboard the space station that is cost-
ing billions of dollars a year to operate. 
ISS  is  one  of  the  greatest  achievements  in 
manned spaceflight. It is also the +IBw-single most ex-
pensive object  ever  created.+IB0-335 And  some  scien-
tists question if the space station+IBk-s out of this world 
costs can continue to be justified. 
Sold to taxpayers as a one of a kind, orbiting 
laboratory  that  would  +IBw-permit  quantum  leaps  in 
our  research  in science, communications,  in met-
als, and in lifesaving medicines,+IB0-336 it has yet to live 
up to these heavenly expectations, while its costs 
continue to soar to astronomical heights. 
The  station+IBk-s  original  price  tag  was  $17.4 
billion  but  NASA  has  spent  nearly  $75  billion  for 
the  space  station+IBk-s development, operations, and 
transportation by the end of 2013.337 This year the 
space agency is spending $3 billion and expects to 
spend another $20.6 billion before 2020.338 An in-
dependent audit by the NASA Office of Inspector 
General  (OIG)  concluded  these  cost  projections 
were +IBw-understated+IB0- and +IBw-overly optimistic.+IB0-339 
The  space  station,  +IBw-designed  and  tested  for 
a  15-year  life  span,+IB0-  marked  15  years  of  contin-
uous  operations  in  2013.340  In  January  2014,  the 
Administration announced  the U.S. would extend 

our  participation  in  ISS  +IBw-for  at  least  another  de-
cade.+IB0-341 
While  some  valuable  research  is  being  con-
ducted  on  the  station  regarding  life  in  space,  the 
billions  being  spent  to maintain  the  station  could 
be directed towards much more meaningful stud-
ies or projects. The entire NASA budget for Fiscal 
Year  2014  is  $17.7  billion,342  meaning  the  space 
station consumes nearly one-fifth of the agency+IBk-s 
resources. 
The  White  House  Office  of  Science  and 
Technology Policy claims the station is necessary 
and the research conducted onboard has +IBw-already 
resulted in a number of discoveries with significant 
medical and  industrial  implications,+IB0-  including po-
tential  vaccines.343 This  claim  and  commitment  is 
quite controversial in the scientific community. 
+IBw-The  station  is  a  marvel,+IB0-  but  +IBw-it  hasn+IBk-t  yet 
proved  it  was  worth  the  investment,+IB0-  says  John 
Logsdon,  the  former director of  the Space Policy 
Institute  at  George  Washington  University.  +IBw-It+IBk-s 
an awfully expensive engineering demonstration,+IB0- 
according to Logsdon, who notes +IBw-if that+IBk-s all it is, 
that+IBk-s a hell of a price to pay.+IB0-344 
As far back as 1997, James Van Allen, the pio-
neering astrophysicist, concluded +IBw-the cost of the 
space station is far beyond any justifiable scientific 
purpose or any justifiable practical purpose.+IB0-345 
The  studies  conducted  onboard  the  space 
station  +IBw-are  not  remotely  comparable  to  the 

WASTEBOOK 2014$450,00021$3 billion22+AAw-path-breaking research conducted by NASA+IBk-s ar-
mada of orbiting telescopes and its robotic probes 
of  distant  planets,+IB0-  notes  the  New  York  Times. 
The  newspaper  writes  +IBw-when  NASA  threatened 
to abandon the Hubble Space Telescope, astron-
omers  rose  in  wrath.  If  the  station  disappeared 
tomorrow, the response would most likely be tep-
id.+IB0-346 
And  even  though  Congress  +IBw-designated 
the  ISS  as  a  national  laboratory+IB0-  in  2005,  the 
Government  Accountability  Office  (GAO)  found 
+IBw-research  utilization  has  not  been  the  priority+IB0-  of 
the space station.
NASA has most recently averaged about 37.5 
hours of research per week on the space station. It 
cost taxpayers about $1.5 million per hour for the 
research  conducted  there  at  that  rate  and  given 
the $3 billion per year cost to operate ISS.+AKA-The to-
tal cost of ISS to date has been about $100 billion, 
and  research  since  2009  has  averaged  about 30 
hours  a  week,  or  7,800  hours.  If  all  costs  to  date 
are  included over  these 7,800 hours of estimated 
research,  the  cost  of  research  is  $12.8  million  an 
hour.347
One of the experiments currently being con-
ducted  aboard  the  space  station  +IBw-could  eventu-
ally  lead  to  the design and creation of better golf 
clubs.+IB0-348 A partnership with Cobra Puma Golf de-
veloped  when  some  employees  from  the  Center 
for  Advancement  of  Science  and  Space,  the  or-
ganization  NASA  chose  to  be  the  sole  manager 
of  the  International  Space  Station  U.S.  National 
Laboratory,349  were  introduced  to  members  of 
the Cobra  research  team  at  the 2012 PGA Show 
in Orlando,  Florida.350 The  experiment  aboard  the 
ISS  +IBw-will examine a  variety of coating and metals 
used  in  golf  products,+IB0-  according  to Mike  Yagley, 

director  of  research  and  testing  for  Cobra  Puma 
Golf. +IBw-Cobra Puma hopes the results of the plating 
experiment  -- which may be available as early as 
December  --  will  prove  beneficial  in  three  areas: 
function,  durability  and  aesthetics.+IB0-351  A  Russian 
cosmonaut  tethered  to  the  space  station  +IBw-set  a 
new record for the longest golf drive in history+IB0- in 
November 2006 when he hit a ball NASA estimat-
ed traveled a million miles around the Earth.352 
Some  of  the  other  studies  being  conducted 
on  the  space  station  are  designed  by  elemen-
tary  and  high  school  students  rather  than  scien-
tists.  Fifteen  student  projects  were  launched  to 
the  space  station  in  July  as  part  of  the  Student 
Spaceflight Experiments Program (SSEP). A proj-
ect that students  from California came up with  is 
examining whether tadpole shrimp can be grown 
in  microgravity.353  High  school  students  in  New 
York  are  looking  at  the  +IBw-effect  of  microgravity 
on  the  growth  of  mold  on  white  bread.+IB0-354  And 
ninth-graders in Washington +IBw-focused their atten-
tion on whether radish roots and shoots will grow 
differently in microgravity.+IB0-355 
While encouraging young people  to  take an 
interest in science is an important goal, the billions 
of  dollars  being  borrowed  to  support  space  sta-
tion science fair experiments could make a bigger 
impact  in  the  lives  of  these  and  other  children  in 
many other more cost efficient ways. 
NASA  officials  +IBw-point  to  other  less  tangible 
benefits of  the Station,  including maintaining U.S. 
leadership  in  space,  supporting  cooperation  with 
international  partners,  and  inspiring  current  and 
future  engineers  and  scientists.+IB0-356  But  directing 
so  much  money  into  this  project  over  the  next 
decade  may  actually  be  compromising  our  lead-
ership  in  space  by  absorbing  so  many  resources 

that could be better targeted towards other bigger 
priorities, such as reclaiming our capability to send 
astronauts on manned missions into space, which 
is one of the biggest facing NASA. 
NASA +IBw-faces challenges +ICY- ensuring the sta-
tion is fully utilized,+IB0- according to GAO, which +IBw-has 
cautioned  for  years  that  NASA  should  ensure  it 
has  a  capability  to  access  and  utilize  the  space 
station  following  retirement of  the space shuttle.+IB0- 
GAO  notes  +IBw-NASA+IBk-s  decision  to  rely  on  the  new 
commercial  vehicles  to  transport  cargo  starting 
in  2012  and  to  transport  crew  starting  in  2017  is 
inherently  risky  because  the  vehicles  are  not  yet 
proven  and  are  experiencing  delays  in  develop-
ment.  Further,  NASA  does  not  have  agreements 
in place for international partners to provide cargo 
services to the ISS beyond 2016.+IB0-357 
Because NASA  retired  the  Space  Shuttle  in 
2011, the U.S. is paying Russia $1.7 billion over a five 
years to transport astronauts to and from ISS, for 
as much as $70 million for a round trip.358 NASA is 
spending billions  to maintain a space station  that 
it  no  longer  has  its  own  capabilities  to  reach  and 
is  now  entirely  dependent  upon  an  increasingly 
hostile Russia to reach the station taxpayers have 
spent billions of dollars to construct. 
There  are  other  questionable  expenditures 
in the ISS budget. NASA may also have paid more 
than  $13  million  in  bonuses  to  a  contractor  that 
could not be proven to have met the expectations 
set for financial rewards, according to an OIG au-
dit.359 
The  top  NASA  official  in  charge  of  human 
spaceflight  concedes  +IBw-we+IBk-re  in  the  process  of 
proving now whether it+IBk-s worth it or not.+IB0-360 

Because NASA retired the Space Shuttle in 2011, American astronauts must hitch a ride on Russian rockets to reach the International Space Station, costing as much as $70 million for a 
round trip.361 

23

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-NASA+IBk-s  Tower of Pork 
Protected  by Pol it ic ian

From  its  launch  in  1958,  the 
National  Aeronautics  and  Space 
Administration  (NASA)  captured 
the  country+IBk-s 
imagination  and 
the  new 
represented 
frontiers 
America  was 
leading  mankind. 
Today,  the  agency+IBQ-almost  more 
than  any  other+IBQ-represents  the 
morass and politics of Washington, 
D.C.  The  space  agency  can  no 
longer  send  astronauts  into  space 
and  less  than  half  of  its  budget  is 
even  spent  on  the  missions  it  was 
created  to  pursue,  aeronautics  re-
search  and  space  exploration  and 
operations.362  NASA  has  lost  its 
way  and  Washington  politicians 
are plundering its budget to pay for 
parochial pork projects rather than 
redirecting the agency+IBk-s gaze back 
to the stars. 
The  $350  million  A-3  rock-
et  testing  tower  completed  this 
year  at  Stennis  Space  Center  in 
Mississippi  stands  as  300-foot  tall 
monument to NASA+IBk-s current state 
of  affairs.  Now  that  the  tower  is 
completed  it  has  no  purpose,  but 
will continue to cost taxpayers. 
The tower is +IBw-a relic of President 
George  W.  Bush+IBk-s  Constellation 
program,+IB0-  that  was  intended  to 
send astronauts +IBw-back to the moon 
and  beyond+IB0-  which  was  canceled 

by  President  Obama 
in  2010363 
That  same  year,  an  earmark  spon-
sored by a senator from Mississippi 
was  tucked  into  a  bill  passed  by 
Congress, thereby forcing NASA to 
complete  the  project  even  though 
it  was  no  longer  needed.364  As  a 
result,  the  useless  space  tower  is 
being  derided  as  a  +IBw-Launchpad 
to  Nowhere+IB0-365  and  the  +IBw-Tower  of 
Pork.+IB0-366 
+IBw-In  2010,  I  authored  an  amend-
ment to require the completion of that 
particular  project,+IB0-  admits  Senator 
Roger Wicker unabashedly.367 
Even  with  construction  com-
pleted this year, the tower will cost 
$840,000  every  year  to  maintain, 
according to NASA.368 
The  A-3  tower  is  not  the  only 
useless  or  unneeded  facility NASA 
is  wasting  money  on.  The  NASA 
IG  has  +IBw-identified  33  facilities  that 
NASA  either  wasn+IBk-t  fully  using  or 
had no future need for, including six 
of  36  wind  tunnels,  14  of  35  rock-
et  test  stands,  and  two  of  three 
airfields,+IB0-  which  all  cost more  than 
$43 million a year to maintain.369 
That  amounts  to  $350 million 
to build a rocket testing tower that 
will  not  be  used  and  another  $43 
million every year to maintain other 
facilities that are not being used. 

NASA officials and Mississippi politicians start digging the hole where NASA buried $350 
million for a launch tower that may never be used. 

Now what? As soon as the construction of the A-3 Testing Tower was completed, the $350 
million project was +IBw-mothballed.+IB0- Maintenance of the site, however, will continue to cost 
NASA $43 million every year. 

24

WASTEBOOK 2014$44.5 million23+AAw-Congress  Blocks  Closure  of 
Unneeded  +IBw-Sheep  Station+IB0-

Idaho+IBk-s  governor,  Butch  Otter,  joined  in 
the protest, saying he wanted to protect home-
state businesses, +IBw-We want to keep it open. The 
sheep business  is big business  in Idaho and will 
continue to be big business in Idaho, we hope.+IB0-379 
The  decision  to  keep  the  sheep  station 
open,  however,  drew  a  sharp  rebuke  from  en-
vironmental  groups,  which  called  the  sheep 
station,  +IBw-another  subsidy  to  an  industry  that 
is  already  subsidized+IB0-  with  low  fees  and  direct 
federal funding.380 +IBw-It is ridiculous that Congress 
will  intervene  to keep a  financially  insolvent  re-
search station open +ICY-+IB0- said John Meyer with the 
Cottonwood Environmental Law Center.381 
One  Idaho  newspaper  directly  accused 
Idaho  representative  Mike  Simpson  +IBM-  who  in-
tervened  to  keep  the  sheep  station  open  +IBM-  of 
helping drive up the national debt, saying, +IBw-If the 
sheep  industry  truly  deems  this  facility+IBk-s  work 
to  be  vital,  the  sheep  industry  should  fund  it. 
Period. This should not fall under the purview of 
responsible, efficient government.+IB0-382 
+IBw-We should shut down the Sheep Station,+IB0- 
said Phil Knight, resident of Bozeman, Montana, 
+IBw-and stop wasting taxpayer money on outdated 
science experiments.+IB0-383 

Everyone  knows  how  much  Congress 
loves  pork,  but  perhaps  less  well-known  is  its 
affinity for mutton. 
Earlier  this  year,  a  congressional  commit-
tee blocked the U.S. Department of Agriculture 
(USDA)  from  closing  down  a  $2  million-a-year 
sheep research site the agency said was no lon-
ger needed.370 
Known  as  the  U.S.  Sheep  Experiment 
Station  in Dubois,  Idaho,  its mission  is +IBw-increas-
ing production efficiency of sheep and to simul-
taneously  improve  the  sustainability  of  range-
land ecosystems.+IB0-371 The site is located near the 
borders  of  Idaho,  Wyoming  and  Montana  and 
used  to  graze  3,000  sheep  on  28,000  moun-
tainous acres of land.372 
Secretary  of  Agriculture  Tom  Vilsack  pro-
posed  closing  the  sheep  station  saying  in  June 
it  +IBw-no  longer  has  the  critical  mass  of  scientists 
necessary  to  address  high  priority  research.+IB0-373 
A spokesperson with USDA said the station was 
one  of  several  the  agency  found  had  +IBw-gotten 
to  the point where,  from a  financial  standpoint, 
they+IBk-re  either  marginally  viable  or  they+IBk-re  just 
not sustainable.+IB0-374 
Moreover,  the  cost  of  running  the  station 
became  too  expensive  after  losing  $1.5  mil-
lion  fending  off  lawsuits  from  environmental 
groups.375 The  lawsuits stemmed from a dispute 
over whether  grizzly  bears  or  sheep  should  get 
priority  in  a  high-altitude  pasture,  with  environ-
mental groups saying both cannot co-exist.376 
Secretary Vilsack ultimately sided with the 
bears +IBM- believing  they needed better access  to 
sites  like  Yellowstone  +IBM-  and  notified  Congress 
in  June of plans  to close  the Sheep Experiment 
Station  in  Dubois,  Idaho  and  reallocate  its 
$1,984,000  in  annual  funding  to  strengthen 
higher priority research.377 
That  was  the  point  when  Congress 
stepped  in, however,  to  insist  the sheep station 
remain open. Citing an obscure provision of law 
giving  congressional  committees  the  ability  to 
stop  the  USDA+IBk-s  plans,  members  from  Idaho, 
Washington, Montana and Oregon joined forces 
to insist the closure be halted.378 

25

WASTEBOOK 2014$1.98 million24+AAw-In  Carbondale, 
Illinois,  a  $2.5  million 
federal  grant  provided  through  the  Illinois 
Department  of  Natural  Resources  awarded 
Carbondale will pay for the +IBw-Super Splash Park 
Outdoor Aquatic Center.+IB0-392 Proponents of the 
Carbondale  project  hail  it  as  an  opportunity 
to 
+IBw-expand 
recreational  and  economic 
opportunities  in  the  region,+IB0- which will  include 
a  $700,000  lap  pool,  $700,000  for  a  +IBw-leisure 
pool+IB0-,  $350,000  for  water  slides  and  a  $1.2 
million lazy river.393 
Kathy  Renfro,  Carbondale  park  district 
executive  director,  noted,  +IBw-Everyone  I  talk  to 
is  so  excited  +ICY-  next  year  we  will  be  to  get  in 
the pool. We can all be kicking back on the lazy 
river and have a good time.+IB0-394 

Spray Parks and +IBw-Splashpads+IB0- 
Help Beat The Summer Heat

Water  cannons,  lazy  rivers  and  water 
slides  are  all  part  of  one  federal  program+IBk-s 
efforts to help overheated kids stay cool during 
the summer. 
Taxpayers  have  shelled  out  hundreds  of 
thousands of dollars over the past year to install 
water playgrounds, known as +IBw-splashpads+IB0- and 
+IBw-spray  parks,+IB0-  all  around  the  country.  At  least 
five were constructed in New Jersey, Nebraska, 
Alabama  and  Massachusetts  with  nearly  $3.5 
million  in  funding  from  the  Department  of 
Housing and Urban Development+IBk-s Community 
Development  Block  Grant  (CDBG)  program. 
CDBG  funding  is  intended  to  provide  +IBw-decent 
housing  and  a  suitable  living  environment, 
and  by  expanding  economic  opportunities, 
principally  for 
low-  and  moderate-income 
persons.+IB0-384 
in  Nebraska,  the 
Outside  of  Omaha 
Bellevue  city  council  recently  approved  a 
splash  pad  at  the  cost  of  nearly  $180,000.385 
However,  some  on  the  council  objected  to 
spending  the  money  this  way,  noting  that 
the  town+IBk-s  five  public  pools  fail  to  properly 

accommodate  disabled  patrons  and  are 
leaking water, desperately needing repair.386 
Omaha  Councilman  Don 
Preister 
responded  saying, 
+IBw-Although  we  didn+IBk-t 
specifically promise a splash pad, we promised 
a nice park, and I think we should finally deliver 
to a part of the city that is way under-served.+IB0-387 
In  Gadsden,  Alabama,  city  council 
members  originally  decided  to  spend  a 
$250,000  grant  to  fix  drainage  issues  at  a 
local park, but decided instead on a splash pad 
when  they  realized  they  needed  to  spend  the 
money quickly or lose it.388 
+IBw-This 
line  with  what  the 
in 
is  more 
people  want,+IB0-  noted  Gadsen  city  councilman 
Deverick Williams.389 
Jackson  Township,  New  Jersey  mayor 
Michael  Reina  helped  steer  a  $150,000  grant 
to  build  a  2,700  square-foot  spray  park  in  his 
home  town,  adding  he  +IBw-could  not  think  of  a 
better  addition  than  a  spray  park.+IB0-390 Likewise, 
Gloucester,  Massachusetts  used  a  $370,000 
grant  to  refurbish  Burnham  Field  to  include  a 
spray pad.391 

26

WASTEBOOK 2014$3.5 million25+AAw-Roosevelt and Elvis Make a 
Hallucinatory Pilgrimage to Graceland

Ann  is  a  shy  factory  worker  in  Rapid  City, 
South Dakota.395 She  finds  that when she chan-
nels  the  boisterous  personality  of  Elvis  Presley, 
it  is  easier  for  her  to  break  out  of  her  shell.396 
After  a  date  goes  awry  with  a  woman  she  met 
online who was obsessed with Teddy Roosevelt, 
Ann  decides  to  make  a  pilgrimage  from  South 
Dakota all the way to Graceland in Memphis, the 
renowned  estate  of  the  king.397  As  the  trip  pro-
gresses,  Ann  begins  to  hallucinate  increasingly 
that she  is Elvis, and that Teddy Roosevelt  is ac-
companying her on her journey.398 
That  is  the  description  for  the  theatrical 
production  RoosevElvis  (pronounced  +IBw-Rose  of 
Elvis+IB0-),  put  on  by  the  company  TEAM,  an  en-
semble out of New York described as +IBw-Gertrude 
Stein  meets  MTV.+IB0-399  RoosevElvis  ran  through 
November 3, 2013, when it wrapped with a bang 
after an all-you-can-drink performance.400 
So  what  is  the  role  of  the  federal  govern-

ment in this buddy dramedy about two American 
icons who lived in different eras? Taxpayers are 
helping  fund  the  effort  to  bring  RoosevElvis 
back to the stage, of course. 
The National  Endowment  for  the Arts  gave 
$10,000 to TEAM for their next run of RoosevElvis 
at  a  still-to-be-determined  date  before  May 
2015.401  In  addition  to  the  federal  cash,  TEAM  is 
receiving $65,000 in non-federal funding. 
The  play  received  a  generally  positive  re-
view  from  the New York Times, which was  tak-
en  by  the  play+IBk-s  commentary  on  gender  and 
masculinity,  writing  that  RoosevElvis  +IBw-offers  a 
spirited  and  insightful  commentary  on  two  ar-
chetypes of American masculinity, while finding 
teasing  ambiguities  within  both  that  suggest 
that machismo is a shaky existential choice.+IB0-402 
For  example,  in  one  scene,  Ann  halluci-
nates  that she  is Elvis, and  that she and Teddy 
are romping around their hotel room in their un-

derwear,  with  Teddy  eventually  riding  around 
on  Elvis+IBk-s  back  as  though  he  were  a  bucking 
bronco.403 
The  review  goes  on  to  pan  the  play+IBk-s  ex-
cessive  length,  finding  that  after  the  roadtrip 
begins, it becomes like a television sitcom that 
+IBw-jumps  the  shark+IB0-  time  and  time  again.404  But 
it  is  the National  Endowment  for  the Arts  that 
jumped  the  shark  when  sent  taxpayer  money 
to support RoosevElvis. 
As  Arizona  Senator  Jeff  Flake  said  when 
he  learned  that  federal  funding was going  to a 
play  about  an  Elvis/Roosevelt  road  trip,  +IBw-what 
in San Juan Hill is the federal government doing 
funding this hunk-a-hunk-a burnin+IBk- waste?+IB0-405 

The 26th President and the king of Rock & Roll frolic in their 
underpants. 

27

WASTEBOOK 2014$10,00026+AAw-New Bridge Demolished for Using 
$3,271 Worth of Canadian Steel

A  newly  reconstructed  bridge  in  the 
small  town  of  Morrison,  Colorado  is  in  fine 
condition,  but  it  may  be  ripped  down  and 
reconstructed+IBQ-again+IBQ-and  the  ramifications 
could be international. 
Earlier  this  year,  the  one  lane  bridge 
that  serves  as  +IBw-the  main  link  across  a  creek 
that  cuts  through+IB0-  this  small  town  with  a 
population  of  just  430406  +IBw-got  a  new  coat  of 
paint,  new wood  planks  and  new  steel  to  run 
underneath  it.+IB0-407  The  steel  was  cast  in  the 
U.S., +IBw-but rolled  into beams across the border 
in Canada.+IB0-408 
The  use  of  steel  produced  outside  of 
the U.S.  +IBw-violates  the Buy America  provisions 
that  mandate  federally  funded  projects  use 
materials  made  in  the  United  States.  The 
violation  could  mean  a  withdrawal  of  all 
funding  if  the  steel  is  not  removed.+IB0-409  That 
+IBw-means Morrison will either have to pay for the 
bridge itself +IBM- or rip it out and start fresh.+IB0-410 
Morrison  Mayor  Sean  Forey  +IBw-agrees 
that  the  foreign  steel  in  question  violates 
the  $2,500  minimum  allowed  by  the  grant 
contract+IB0- by $771.64.411 
The  project  was  expected  to  cost  +IBw-just 
over $144,000,+IB0- with a grant from the Federal 
Highway  Administration 
+IBw-was 
to  cover 

$52,000.+IB0-412  It  will  +IBw-take  three  months  and 
more than $20,000 to disassemble the bridge, 
replace the steel and rebuild.+IB0-413 
A  request  by  the  town  to  waive  the  Buy 
America rule has been rejected by the Federal 
Highway  Administration.414  +IBw-The  Buy  America 
provisions are very clearly spelled out and are 
often  not  negotiable,+IB0-  says  Steve  Harelson, 
who  is  a  project  engineer  for  the  Colorado 
Department  of  Transportation.  +IBw-It  is  involved 
in  every  project  and  it +IBk-s  in  the  specifications 
for  every  project,+IB0-  he  notes.  +IBw-This  is  the  first 
time  I  am  aware  of  a  project  being  rejected 
because of a failure in this.+IB0-415 
The  town  claims  +IBw-the  use  of  Canadian 
products  was  the  contractor +IBk-s  mistake,+IB0-  but 
New  Design  Construction  claimed  +IBw-it  did  not 
receive the mill test reports, which tell buyers 
where  products  are  made,  until  after  the 
product was installed.+IB0-416 
The  bridge  is  a  +IBw-lifeline+IB0-  for  many  who 
live  in  the  town  and  endured  its  closure  for 
months  this  year  while  it  underwent  +IBw-major 
reconstruction+IB0-417  and  now  may  have  to  go 
without its use for another three months. 
+IBw-It just seems like a waste of everybody+IBk-s 
time  and  money,+IB0-  lamented  Kara  Zabilansky, 
Morrison+IBk-s town administrator.418 

+IBw-Personally,  I  think  it +IBk-s  a  big  waste  of 
materials  and  lumber  and  there+IBk-s  no  need 
to  throw  away  perfectly  good  materials  that 
are actually working and the community uses 
them  every  day,+IB0-  says  Carrie  Shipley,  who 
lives  next  to  the  bridge.419  +IBw-Why  didn+IBk-t  they 
make  sure  all  the  materials  were  from  the 
United States to begin with.+IB0-420 
The  mess  up  over  this  little  bridge  is 
making even bigger waves. Steel makers and 
some municipalities are pushing for retaliatory 
actions. 
+IBw-The  kind  of  situation  happening 
in 
Colorado  should  be  a  wake-up  call  for  the 
Canadian  government,+IB0-  said  Jayson  Myers, 
the  chief  executive  officer  the  Canadian 
Manufacturers  and  Exporters  (CME),  which 
want  the  Canadian  government  to  impose 
similar restrictions on +IBw-infrastructure projects, 
such as the $5-billion (Canadian) replacement 
of Montreal+IBk-s Champlain Bridge.+IB0-421 
Marcy  Grossman,  Canada+IBk-s  consul 
general based  in Denver, asked +IBw-does  it really 
make  sense  that  $800  worth  of  American 
steel  rolled  in Canada may cost  the Colorado 
taxpayer an additional $20,000?+IB0-422 
Kara  Zabilansky,  Morrison+IBk-s 
town 
administrator,  +IBw-is  dismayed  that  her  bridge  is 
at  the  center  of  a  cross-border  backlash.+IB0-423 
She  acknowledges  +IBw-+IBw-It +IBk-s  pretty  much  a  real 
big mess.+IB0-424 
The  lesson  is even when building a small 
bridge,  you  must  read  the  fine  print  or  else 
there can be big consequences, especially for 
taxpayers  who  get  stuck  paying  the  bill+IBQ-in 
this case maybe twice. 

The newly reconstructed bridge in Morrison, Colorado is in fine condition, but it is going to be ripped down and reconstructed+IBQ-again+IBQ-and the ramifications may be international. 

28

WASTEBOOK 2014$45,00027+AAw-Exploding Claims of +IBw-Sleep Apnea+IB0- Threaten 
to Bankrupt VA Disability Program

Pentagon to Spend $1 
Billion to Destroy $16 
Billion in Unneeded 
Ammunition

Military  personnel  diagnosed  with  sleep 
apnea  are  given  a  50  percent  rating  +IBM-  and 
some  believe  it +IBk-s  causing  an  explosion  of 
abuse in the VA+IBk-s disability program. 
The  number  of  active  and  retired  ser-
vice  members  getting  sleep  apnea-related 
payments  has  surged  in  recent  years.  Today, 
more  than  143,000 service members are get-
ting  them,  at  a  cost  to  taxpayers  of  $1.2  bil-
lion every year.425 By comparison, the number 
getting the same payments in 2001 was fewer 
than 1,000.426 
Sleep apnea affects as many as 18 million 
Americans427,  and  is  diagnosed  through  a 
combination  of  a  physical  exam  and  a  sleep 
study.428  While  it  can  be  a  serious  condition, 
for  most  people  it  is  easily  treatable  with 
+IBw-lifestyle  changes, mouthpieces,  surgery,  and 
breathing devices.+IB0-429 
When  a  service  member  claims  a 
disability, 
the  Department  of  Veterans 
Affairs  (VA)  determines  the  severity  of  the 
condition  using  a  +IBw-rating+IB0-  system.430  Current 
VA  policy  rates  someone  with  sleep  apnea 
to  have  a  rating  of  50  percent,  meaning  fifty 
percent disabled. By contrast, Representative 
Tammy  Duckworth,  who  served  in  the  Army 
as  a  helicopter  pilot,  lost  both  of  her  legs  in 
combat  and  had  her  right  arm  blown  off.431 
After  the  arm  was  reattached,  her  disability 
rating by the VA was 20 percent.432 
One 
attorney,  Michael  Webster, 
represented  a  number  of  veterans  seeking 
disability payments for what he believed to be 
questionable  sleep  apnea  claims,  and  came 
to  Congress  demanding  an 
investigation. 
+IBw-Virtually  every  single  family  law  case  which 

I  have  handled  involving  military  members 
during  the  past  three  years  has  had  the 
military  retiree  receiving  a  VA 
+IBg-disability+IBk- 
based  upon  sleep  apnea,+IB0-  he  told  Congress, 
adding +IBw-A recently retired colonel told me that 
military members approaching  retirement are 
actually briefed that if they claim VA disability 
based  on  sleep  apnea,  then  they  receive  an 
automatic 50 percent disability rating ...+IB0-433 
The  VA  itself  has  acknowledged  the 
surge  in  sleep  apnea  claims,  and  taken  steps 
to  study  the  situation,  but  denies  that  there 
is  any  abuse  in  the  system  and  defends  the 
50  percent  rating.434  But  critics  allege  the 
increase  is  nothing  more  than  a  scam  on  the 
VA  disability  system  that  takes  resources 
away  from  veterans  who  are  truly  disabled. 
Even  the  Philadelphia  VA  Medical  Center +IBk-s 
chief of sleep medicine has said the +IBw-majority+IB0- 
of  +IBw-people  who  have  sleep  apnea  and  are  on 
treatment are not disabled.+IB0-435 
Some veterans have begun speaking out 
in  letters  to  the  editor,  including  one  retired 
colonel with a Purple Heart who has had sleep 
apnea  for  15  years,  +IBw-I  would  never  think  of 
asking VA for a disability rating based on sleep 
apnea,+IB0- calling the payments +IBw-a travesty.+IB0-436 
Jeff Gottlob, a veterans  service officer  in 
Texas,  agreed,  +IBw-In  my  opinion,  the  automatic 
50 percent rating for sleep apnea is excessive 
and being abused.+IB0-437 
Retired staff sergeant, Frank Manno, was 
even  more  direct,  +IBw-As  a  retired  soldier  I  am 
extremely  disappointed  that  Congress  and 
the  VA  can+IBk-t  see  how  the  sleep  apnea  issue 
is  crossing  the  line  of  fraud  and  waste  +ICY-  Did 
the military make us obese or overweight?+IB0-438 

The Pentagon is spending a billion dollars 
to  destroy  $16  billion  in  over  purchases  of 
military-grade  ammunition.  The  amount  of 
surplus  ammunition  is  now  so  large  that  the 
cost  of  destroying  it  will  equal  the  full  years+IBk- 
salary for over 54,000 Army privates.439 
How  the  military  came  to  purchase  so 
much ammunition it didn+IBk-t need was uncovered 
in  a  2014  Government  Accountability  Office 
(GAO) 
investigation.440  Certain  kinds  of 
ammunition  became  +IBw-obsolete,  unusable 
or  their  use 
is  banned  by 
international 
treaty,+IB0-  according  to  Pentagon  officials.441 
However, GAO  found  that  record-keeping  for 
ammunition was also poor, and  that accurate 
records were hard to come by for the nation+IBk-s 
$70 billion ammunition arsenal.442 
Over  time,  the  amount  of  ammunition 
deemed  no 
longer  necessary  has  grown 
to  nearly  40  percent  of  the  Army+IBk-s  total 
inventory:  +IBw-According  to  an  Army  financial 
statement  in  June  2013,  the  Army  had  about 
39  percent  of  its  total  inventory  (valued  at 
about  $16  billion)  in  a  storage  category  for 
ammunition  items  that were  excess  to  all  the 
services+IBk- requirements.+IB0-443 
However, the Pentagon may be throwing 
away  ammunition  that  could  still  be  used. 
According  to  GAO,  some  of  the  material 
set  for  destruction  has  at  times  been  found 
usable.444 

29

WASTEBOOK 2014$1.2 billion28$ 1 billion29+AAw-Bruce Lee Dance Play Panned As 
Promoting Racial Stereotypes

A  taxpayer-funded play about  the  iconic 
martial arts figure Bruce Lee has been broadly 
panned  as  suffering  from  a  mediocre  plot, 
with some critics going as far as to say that  it 
evokes a racial stereotype.452 
It is unclear why the federal governmental 
supported this flop. But, perhaps the National 
Endowment  of  the  Arts  (NEA)  decided  to 
spend  $70,000  for  the  play  +IBw-Kung  Fu,+IB0- which 
features  a  dozen  fight  scenes,453  because  it 
exemplified  the  NEA+IBk-s  mission  to  +IBw-fund  and 
promote  artistic  excellence,  creativity,  and 
innovation  for  the  benefit  of  individuals  and 
communities.+IB0-454 
Others  did  not 
find  such  artistic 
excellence, creativity, or benefit. 
Variety Magazine panned it as +IBw-lack[ing] a 

cohesive narrative structure+IB0- with +IBw-no dramatic 
objective.+IB0-455  The  New  York  Times  slammed 
the  play+IBk-s  clunky  dialogue  and  corny  jokes.456 
Even worse, the paper suggested the +IBw-mangled 
English+IB0- of Bruce Lee+IBk-s speech  throughout  the 
play  may  actually  perpetuate  the  prejudicial 
stereotype of the +IBw-Oriental sidekick.+IB0-457 
On  its  website,  the  Signature  Theatre  in 
New  York  City  credits  support  for  +IBw-Kung  Fu+IB0- 
from  individuals,  foundations,  corporations, 
and  government  agencies  for  its  continued 
success as a non-profit organization.458 
Since the play received $1,127,370 in non-
federal  funding,  taxpayers  are  left  wondering 
why  the NEA  didn+IBk-t  give  a  karate  chop  to  the 
theatre+IBk-s grant request.459 

The dialogue and plot of +IBw-Kung Fu,+IB0- according to the New York Times, never reaches the +IBw- fluid grace+IB0- of its action sequences 

NASA Wonders How 
Humans Will React to 
Meeting Space Aliens

Encountering  aliens  may  one  day  pose 
a  communications  problem,  read  one  official 
NASA document published this year. 
By using our experience with anthropolo-
gy +IBw-we can be much better prepared for contact 
with an extraterrestrial civilization, should  that 
day ever come,+IB0-445 says the editor of the NASA 
eBook  titled,  +IBw-Archaeology, Anthropology,  and 
Interstellar Communication.+IB0-446 The publication 
was put on NASA+IBk-s website in May and was ed-
ited and officially published through the Office 
of Communications.447 
is  difficult. 
itself 
Learning  from  history 
+IBw-Communicating  with  intelligent  terrestrial  be-
ings  removed  from  us  in  time  is  deeply  prob-
lematic,+IB0-  concludes  the  work.448  If  humans  find 
aliens,  they  may  have  to  confront  these  issues 
in new ways, finds the author: +IBw-[T]he constraints 
that  humans  now  contend  with  will  be  refined, 
removed, or simply accepted as [communication 
with extraterrestrial intelligence] is engaged.+IB0- 449 
In publishing a review of the book, NASA+IBk-s 
Chief  Historian  said  the  title  may  sound  like 
an  odd  one  for  the  space  agency+IBk-s  history 
program,+IB0-  but  nonetheless  the  book  is  +IBw-an 
enjoyable  and  thought-provoking  read.+IB0-450  It 
wistfully  recounts  the  days  when  the  federal 
government  actually  funded  a  program  called 
the  +IBw-Search  for  Extraterrestrial  Intelligence+IB0- 
(SETI). Unfortunately,  yearning  for  the  days  of 
yore  and  producing  books  on  communicating 
with  E.T.  cannot  change  the  fact  NASA  can-
not  even  get  its  own  astronauts  into  space. 
Perhaps  the  agency  could  shoot  for  the  stars 
and  make  better  use  of  the  history  program+IBk-s 
$392,000 budget for 2014.451 

30

WASTEBOOK 2014$392,00030$70,00031+AAw-buildings have a 56% vacancy rate.+IB0-465 
For years,  local officials debated what  to 
do about the mall, including whether to tear it 
down.466 Complicating matters,  however, was 
a  dark  cloud  of  corruption  stemming  from  a 
decades-long  bribery  scheme  in  which  a  de-
veloper paid off city government officials. 
Fresno+IBk-s long history of corrupt city plan-
ning  efforts  was  documented  in  a  1999  San 
Francisco Chronicle  story  highlighting what  it 
called the city+IBk-s +IBw-ghost malls,+IB0- including Fulton 
Mall: +IBw-It has endless strip malls  that make  the 
town appear to be one huge  franchise, a kind 
of Anywhere USA. The malls, some critics say, 
are like cannibals -- new malls devour the old-
er malls.  At  one  end  of  town  is  the  huge  new 
River  Park  shopping  center,  which  is  boom-
ing; at the other is the East Gate mall, which is 
boarded up. Other  regions have ghost  towns: 
Fresno has ghost malls.+IB0-467 
Many  wanted  to  build  a  road  through 
the  middle  of  the  mall.  However,  a  study 
commissioned  by  the  City  of  Fresno  found 
the  road  would  have  no  discernible  impact 
on  transportation  +IBM-  the  purpose  of  the  spe-
cific  Department  of  Transportation  funding. 
The  2007  report  found:  +IBw-Fulton  Street  is  not 
a critical component of  the  traffic and  transit 
circulation  network  in  downtown;  therefore, 
transportation  should  not  drive  decisions  on 
the future of the Mall. Economic development 
opportunities  and  cultural  factors  should  be 
the principal determinants along the Mall.+IB0-468 
Yet, when the $15.9 million in grant fund-
ing was  announced,  political  leaders  said  the 
opposite,  declaring  it  a  major  transportation 
initiative.  +IBw-These  TIGER  projects  are  the  best 
argument you can make for investment in our 
transportation  infrastructure,+IB0-  said  Secretary 
U.S.  Transportation  Secretary, Anthony  Foxx, 
+IBw-The  Fulton  Mall  reconstruction  project  will 
revitalize  Fresno+IBk-s  downtown  business  dis-
trict, increase local economic activity and im-
prove transportation options for residents.+IB0-469 
Perhaps  the  most  notable  aspect  of  the 
project,  though,  is  not  its  multi-million  dollar 
price  tag,  but  the  fact  that  the City  of  Fresno 
itself  will  not  be  spending  its  own  money  on 
something it has deemed an essential priority. 
In describing  the  importance of  the  road, city 
council  president  Steve  Brandau  called  the 
mall, +IBw-an economic Berlin Wall +IBM- the economy 
stops there.+IB0-470 But when they announced the 
$16  million  grant,  the  same  leaders  struck  a 
different  note,  announcing  proudly,  +IBw-No  City 
of Fresno General Fund money will be used for 
the project.+IB0- 471 

31

If they build it, will they come? City hopes that $16 million dollar will revitalize +IBw-ghost mall.+IB0- 

Road through +IBw-Ghost Mall+IB0- 
Hopes to Scare Up Business

in  downtown  Fresno, 
Fulton  Mall 
California +IBM- built in 1960+IBk-s as the nation+IBk-s sec-
ond  pedestrian  mall  +IBM-  was  once  hailed  as  a 
landmark  in  landscape  architecture.  Today, 
years  of  neglect  have  left  it  in  disrepair  with 
broken 
fountains,  crumbling  sculptures, 
overgrown  shrubbery  and  vacant  buildings. 
The  City  of  Fresno  is  hoping  a  new  influx 
of  $16  million  from  the  U.S.  Department  of 
Transportation  will  bring  revitalization  by 
helping build a road through the mall, reopen-
ing it to vehicle traffic.460 
After  opening  to  significant  fanfare  in 
1964,  the  mall  quickly  became  an  econom-
ic  engine  that  started  to  sputter.  By  1970, 
Montgomery  Ward+IBk-s,  one  of  the  mall+IBk-s  retail 
anchors, closed  its doors and moved  to a dif-
ferent  part  of  the  city.461  Nearly  every  store 
present  when  the  mall  first  opened  would 
follow  suit,  including  in  2013  an  iconic  bridal 
store left after 72 years.462 
As  retailers  fled,  the  city  government 
neglected  to maintain  the property and  it de-
teriorated. A report commissioned by the city 
found: 
The  high  design  character  of  the  Mall  is 

in  stark  contrast  with  its  state  of  advanced 
physical  deterioration.  Partly  because  of  its 
age, and partly because of poor maintenance 
over  several  decades,  most  of  its  design  fea-
tures  are  beginning  to  fail.  The  Mall+IBk-s  pave-
ment  is  cracked  throughout  and  in  many  lo-
cations  is heaving due  to  interference by  tree 
roots.  +ICY-  The  state  of  disrepair  is  so  extreme, 
that it is difficult for the casual observer to ap-
preciate the design value of the Fulton Mall. +ICY- 
The  state  of  buildings  along  the Mall  projects 
a similarly forbidding image.463 
As  the mall+IBk-s buildings degraded,  the va-
cancy rates skyrocketed to nearly three-quar-
ters  of  the  space  in  the  mall+IBk-s  historic  build-
ings sat empty. 
In particular, most of  the  seven buildings 
along  the  Mall  listed  on  the  Local  Register  of 
Historic Places suffer  from disinvestment, va-
cancy and disrepair. In 2010 the City of 
Fresno  estimated  that  the  seven  large 
historic  office  buildings  on  the  Fulton  Mall, 
representing nearly 745,000 square feet of of-
fice space, are 71 percent vacant.464 
The  mall  as  a  whole  does  not  fare  much 
better, which is over half empty, +IBw-The mall+IBk-s 45 

WASTEBOOK 2014$16 million32+AAw-Another   example   of   a   government 
program   gone   wrong,   the   initial   purpose 
was   to  
improve   service   and   remove 
bottlenecks,   but   it   has   evolved   into   a 
subsidized   freight   service   that   ships   Coke, 
Mountain   Dew,   Gatorade,   frozen   honey 
wings,  and  Clorox  wipes

Postal Service Pays Thousands to 
Ship Soda to Alaska for Hundreds

The   Posta l   Serv ice   is   respons ib le   for 
sh ipp ing   consumer   items   to   remote   v i l lag-
es  in  A laska  under  a  program  ca l led  +IBw-A laska 
Bypass+IB0-   star ted   in   1972 .   472  Over   three   de-
cades,   mov ing   th is   fre ight   has   cost   the 
agency  $2 .5  b i l l ion ,  inc lud ing  $77  m i l l ion  per 
year   in  recent  years.473 
Another  examp le  of  a  government  pro-
gram  gone  wrong,  the  in it ia l  purpose  was  to 
improve   serv ice   and   remove   bott lenecks, 
but   it   has   evo lved   into   a   subs id ized   fre ight 
serv ice   that   sh ips   Coke,   Mounta in   Dew, 
Gatorade,   frozen   honey   w ings,   and   C lorox 
w ipes,   for   examp le,  on   1 ,000 -pound  pa l lets. 
In   a  Wash ington   Post   repor t ,   a   1366 -pound 

pa l let   caused   the   Posta l   Serv ice   to   pay 
$3 ,167   to   the   a ir l ines   (the   fare   is   regu lated 
by   the   Depar tment   of   Transpor tat ion ,   and 
compet it ion   among   carr iers   is   l im ited474) , 
and   the   revenue   rece ived   was   $485 ,   for   a 
loss  of  more  than  $260 ,0 .475 
The   Posta l   Serv ice   has   an   ob l igat ion 
to   de l iver   ma i l   to   every   par t   of   the   country 
---  but  th is  isn+IBk- t  ma i l .  Ord inary  p ieces  of  ma i l 
can  we igh  up  to  70  pounds,  but  these  pa l lets 
of ten  we igh  we l l  over   1 ,000  pounds,   yet   the 
postage   is   ca lcu lated   based   on   Standard 
Post  pr ices,  per  pound . 
One   can   be   sympathet ic   to   the   states 
that   lack   infrastructure   to   serve   the   needs 

of   remote   res idents,   but  whether   the   f inan-
c ia l ly-strapped  Posta l  Serv ice  (and  perhaps 
the   taxpayers   eventua l ly)   shou ld   bear   the 
cost   is   quest ionab le.   A lso   quest ionab le   is 
whether   th is   subs idy   actua l ly   he lps   those 
remote   res idents,   or   mere ly   improves   the 
prof it   of   the   m idd lemen   prov id ing   the   ser -
v ice.   These   a ir l ines   make   a   prof it   of   about 
15 .5% ,  whereas   the   typ ica l   a ir l ine   strugg les 
to  make   a   3%   prof it  marg in .476   In   any   event , 
the   subs id ized   transpor tat ion   reduces   the 
incent ive   to   make   de l ivery   more   ef f ic ient . 
If   the   taxpayer   is   pay ing   for   it ,   why   reduce 
the  cost? 

32

WASTEBOOK 2014$77 million33+AAw-Taxpayers Sing the Blues for the 
Grammy+IBk-s Museum

The Grammy+IBk-s have no reason to sing the 
blues, but taxpayers do. 
Despite  collecting  tens  of millions  of  dol-
lars  tax  free every year,  the music  industry or-
ganization  is  paying  nothing  for  the  construc-
tion  of  its  new  museum  while  taxpayers  have 
been  committed  to  spending millions  by  state 
and federal governments. 
The  20,000-plus  square-foot  museum, 
which will be located in Cleveland, Mississippi, will 
cost  $18  million  and  +IBw-is  planned  to  be  the  most 
technologically  advanced  music-themed  muse-
um  in  the world.+IB0-  It  is  expected  to  open  in  sum-
mer  2015  and  will  be  +IBw-the  only  official  Grammy 
Museum location outside of Los Angeles.+IB0-477 
The Grammy Museum Mississippi +IBw-will help 

the  rest  of  the  world  recognize  Mississippi+IBk-s 
contribution  to  American  music  culture,+IB0-  ac-
cording  to  Bob  Santelli,  Executive  Director  of 
the Grammy Museum at L.A. Live.478 The muse-
um  will  be  just  25  miles  from  another  museum 
that  also  focuses  on  the  musical  heritage  of 
the Mississippi Delta+IBQ-the  recently  opened B.B. 
King  Museum  and  Delta  Interpretive  Center  in 
Indianola.479 
+IBw-Federal,  state  and 
local  government 
funds,  as  well  as  private  donations,  are  pay-
ing  for  it+IB0-  and  Cleveland  Music  Foundation 
President Lucy Janoush notes +IBw-organizers have 
been planning on  the  federal money as part of 
the $18 million budget.+IB0-480 
+IBw-The  Grammy  Museum  in  Los  Angeles 

The big winner this year at the Grammy+IBk-s may have been Daft Punk, but the big losers were taxpayers since the organization+IBQ-
which pays no taxes+IBQ-is taking millions of dollars from state and locals governments to support its new museum. 

will  control  curatorial  and  public  program  de-
cisions  as  well  as  the  hiring,+IB0-  however,  +IBw-neither 
the  museum,  the  Recording  Academy  or  AEG, 
which  owns  the  Grammy  Museum  property, 
will  invest  in  the  Mississippi  site.+IB0-481  Meanwhile, 
the  U.S.  Commerce  Department+IBk-s  Economic 
Development Administration provided $1.25 mil-
lion  to  the  city  of  Cleveland  +IBw-to  build  an  access 
road  and  upgrade  infrastructure  on  the  Delta 
State  University  campus,+IB0-  where  the  museum 
will be  located.482 The state of Mississippi  is also 
providing $6 million to support the project.483 
There  is  no  question  the  museum  will 
generate  interest  and  attract  visitors  and  that 
the Grammy+IBk-s and its associated organizations 
have  more  than  enough  resources,  which  is 
exactly why the museum does not need finan-
cial  handouts  from  taxpayers.  And  since  the 
Grammy+IBk-s  and  its  associated  organizations 
do  not  pay  any  taxes,  it  seems  unfair  to make 
those who do pay taxes to pick up the bill. 
Consider,  the  Grammy+IBk-s  licensing  fee  to 
broadcast  the  awards  exceeds  $20  million 
annually,  which  it  doesn+IBk-t  even  have  to  pay 
taxes  on  because  The  Recording  Academy  +IBM- 
GRAMMY.org is +IBw-classed as a type of non-prof-
it.+IB0-484 There  are  also millions  of  dollars  collect-
ed  in  private  donations  and membership  fees. 
+IBw-Call  it  the Academy,  the Recording Academy, 
the  National  Academy  of  Recording  Arts  and 
Sciences  or  NARAS,  it  is  made  up  of  22,000 
members  paying  $125  a  year.+IB0-  The  Academy 
collects  +IBw-donations  and  corporate  sponsor-
ships+IB0-  for  its  charity MusiCares, which  spends 
millions  +IBw-to  help  struggling  musicians+IB0-  as  well 
as  other  activities  like  +IBw-music  research,  the 
preservation  and  archiving  of  recordings+IB0- 
and  lobbying  politicians.485  The  Academy  also 
runs  the  Latin  Grammys  and  The  Grammy 
Museum.+IB0-486  The  Grammy  Foundation  +IBw-offers 
scholarships, grants and opportunities  for mu-
sic education.+IB0-487 
To  provide  some  perspective,  the  $1.25 
million  federal  grant  for  the  Grammy  Museum 
is  just  less  than  the  annual  salary  of  the 
Academy+IBk-s  current  President, which  is  report-
edly  $1.5  million.488  Now  that  is  something  to 
sing about! 

33

WASTEBOOK 2014$1.25 million34+AAw-Voicemails From the Future Warn 
of Post Apocalyptic World

A disruption in the time-space continuum 
has  somehow  caused  voicemails  from  the 
future  to  fall  from  the  sky,  warning  everyone 
who  hears  them  about  the  disastrous  effects 
of  global  warming:  Zombies  on  the  loose, 
airports  underwater  and  bananas  nearly 
impossible  to  find.  So  sets  the  stage  for  a 
game  called  FutureCoast,  which  attempts  to 
teach  people  about  what  the  future  might 
hold if climate change makes the seas rise.489 
It +IBk-s  all  funded  by  the  National  Science 
Foundation  using  a  portion  of  a  $5.2  million 
grant  to  Columbia  University  given,  in  part, 
to  develop  an 
interactive  game  to  spur 
climate  change  activism.490  FutureCoast  is 
a  +IBw-collaborative  game+IB0-  set  in  an  alternative 
world  where  fictional  voicemails  have  been 
transported back  in  time +IBM- cased  in pieces of 
circular plastic called +IBw-chronofacts+IB0- +IBM- allowing 
people to listen in on what earthlings from the 
future say about the climate.491 
Participants  play  along  by  discovering 
the location of chronofacts, which are stashed 
around  the  country  in  different  locations  +IBM- 
all  tagged  with  GPS  coordinates.  Every  so 
often,  the  game+IBk-s  organizers  will  release 
the  coordinates  of  one  or  two  over  Twitter, 
allowing players to go out and search for them. 
Once found, players load information from the 

chronofacts  online  and  a  new  voicemail  is 
made available on the FutureCoast website.492 
One  message  describes  sunny  75 
degree  weather  in  Antarctica  compared  to 
a  chilly  -2  degrees  in  Arizona  with  expected 
hailstorms.493  In  another  message,  someone 
talks  about  how  Washington,  D.C.  was  hit 
with  ten  feet of snow.494 A different character 
leaves  a  voicemail  about  rioting  over  food 
shortages and rationing across the country.495 
One  caller  claims  +IBw-neo-luddites+IB0-  are  out  to 
kill  anyone  with  scientific  knowledge,496  and 
another  paints  a  cryptic  image  of  a  zombie 
apocalypse  saying  that  +IBw-when  you  see  them, 
you will know what to do.+IB0-497 
The  game+IBk-s  creator,  Ken  Eklund,  calls 
his  work  +IBw-authentic  fiction+IB0-  and  insists  he 
+IBw-create[s]  the  attractive  narrative  vacuum 
that people fill up with their stories +IBM- playfully, 
yet  with  intention.+IB0-498  In  designing  the  game, 
he  tried  to  create  a  world  +IBw-that  has  this  ring 
of  authenticity  to  it,  even  though  it  might  be 
wildly  fictional.+IB0-499  According  to  him,  +IBw-[t]he 
fiction part is kind of a term for a playful world 
that  you+IBk-re  creating  together,  and  a  playful 
process.+IB0-500 
The  game+IBk-s  producer,  Sara  Thacher, 
believes the game allows people from different 
viewpoints  to  discuss  climate  change  using 

34

their  voicemail  messages.501  Eklund  agrees, 
but  adds  that  the  game  is  more  than  that, 
+IBw-We+IBk-re looking for black swans. We+IBk-re looking 
for  people  who  have  an  insight  about  the 
future.+IB0-502 
+IBw-I think that there are a lot of people who 
want  to  have  an  invitation  to  say  something 
about  climate  change,+IB0-  Eklund  continued, 
+IBw-And  I  think  this  is  the  opportunity.  It  is  this 
sort of creative challenge +IBM- you say it, but you 
say it in your future voice.+IB0-503 
In  the  end,  the  goal  of  the  game  was 
modest, according to its designers. Stephanie 
Pfirman, a professor affiliated with the project 
noted  that  the  goal  of  the  game  wasn+IBk-t 
necessarily  to  educate  people  on  climate 
research,  but  rather  to  get  people  able  to 
address the issue to simply think about it.504 

In one voicemail from the future, a little girl asks grandma to 
see the last living lobster. 

WASTEBOOK 2014$5.2 million35+AAw-The Funny Ways 
Government 
Wastes Your Money: 
Laughing Classes

Taxpayers+IBk-  funny  bones  may  not  be 
tickled  by  the  federal  government +IBk-s  laughing 
classes for college students. 
The University of California, Los Angeles 
is offering an undergraduate course exploring 
+IBw-the  nature  of  human  laughter  and  humor +IB0- 
with the support of $25,000 from the National 
Endowment for the Humanities (NEH).505 
Another comedy class is being developed 
by  Butler  University  in  Indianapolis  with  the 
support  of  nearly  $22,000  from  NEH.506  The 
seminar, called +IBw-Why Is It Funny+IB0- will +IBw-examine 
issues  such  as  how  laughter  plays  with  our 
perceptions,  the  appeal  of  subversive  humor, 
whether  comedy  is  +IBg-a  guy  thing,+IBk-  the  role  of 
laughter  in  civic  discourse,  and  whether  we 
can  laugh  at  war.+IB0-507  In  addition  to  readings 
from Aristotle, Shakespeare, and Oscar Wilde, 
students will watch classic films and episodes 
of  M*A*S*H.508  +IBw-As  a  final  project,  students 
will  develop  either  a  stand-up  routine  or 
a,  +IBw-comedy  piece  using  the  tools  of  digital 
storytelling.+IB0-509 
This  ROFL  (internet  slang  for  rolling  on 
the  floor  inducing  laughter)  curriculum  may 
offer  students  a  comedy  break  from  the  not 
so funny STEM510 courses, but our nation+IBk-s $17 
trillion in debt is nothing to laugh at. 

The federal government is spending nearly $50,000 on 
laughing classes for college students 

FAA Upgrades 
Low-Traffic 
Airport Serving 
High-End Ski 
Resort

The  airport  for  +IBw-Sun  Valley  ski  resort 
that  is a magnet  for  the  rich and  famous+IB0-511  is 
getting  a multi-million  dollar  facelift  courtesy 
of taxpayers. 
The  Federal  Aviation  Administration 
(FAA)  awarded  $18 million  as  part  of  a  series 
of  federal  grants  to  cover  the majority  of  the 
$34 million construction project  for Friedman 
Memorial Airport.512 The  federal  requirements 
that  supposedly  warrant  the  project  includes 
a  waiting 
lounge  for  arriving  passengers 
that  +IBw-will  have  comfortable  chairs  and  a 
fireplace.+IB0-513 
As  the  home  of  some  of  the  best  resort 
golf  courses  in  the  country,  Sun  Valley  is 
also  very  popular  summer  destination  for  the 
well-heeled.514 For example, +IBw-Media stalwarts, 
CEOs,  and  technology  luminaries+IB0-  come  to 
the  area  +IBw-for  the  30th  annual  conference  +IBM- 
known  as  +IBg-summer  camp+IBk-  for  moguls.+IB0-  The 
multi-billion decision by Comcast to purchase 
NBC Universal supposedly occurred there.515 
Some  of  the  celebrities  that  frequent 
or  have  second  homes  in  Sun  Valley  include 
Tom Hanks, Bruce Willis, Ashton Kutcher and 
Arnold Schwarzenegger.516 
In  1936,  the  Resort  was  built  to  mirror 
the  +IBw-luxury+IB0-  of  Swiss  ski  resorts.517  It was  the 
home  of  +IBw-the  first  chairlift  in  the  world+IB0-  and 
almost  immediately, became +IBw-the place to ski 
and  be  seen  for  the  top  start,  Garry  Cooper, 
Clark  Gable,  Lucille  Ball,  Marilyn  Monroe+IB0- 
among  others.518  The  two  main  hotels  foyers 
are  +IBw-jammed  with  pictures  of  celebrities 
spanning three quarters of a century.+IB0-519 
There  are  only  four  daily  commercial 
departures  on  average.520  Of  those  flights, 
about  eighty  percent  of  the  airport  users  are 
visiting the area or are part-time residents.521 
Even  the  airport  manager,  Rick  Baird, 
is  surprised  at  the  multi-million  dollar  grant: 
+IBw-Airports of our size don+IBk-t normally get grants 
of this size.+IB0-522 

FEMA Overlooks 
Flood Victims, 
Rebuilds Golf 
Course Instead

The  federal  government  rebuffed  pleas  for 
assistance  from  Austin,  Texas  homeowners  that 
were  directly  impacted  by  what  some  called  the 
storm of the century,523 but paid hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars to rebuild local golf courses. 
Last  Halloween,  central  Texas,  including  the 
city  of  Austin,  experienced  a  historic  storm.  Five 
people  were  killed  during  the  flooding,  and  more 
than 500 homes were damaged.524 Texas Governor 
Rick Perry requested a disaster declaration noting 
that the floods had left a +IBw-devastating financial bur-
den on our local communities.+IB0-525 Although Federal 
Emergency  Management  Agency  (FEMA)  denied 
the  state+IBk-s  request  to  provide  funds  to  individu-
als directly affected by  the  storm,  it approved  the 
state+IBk-s request for funds to rebuild damaged infra-
structure.526 
The  city+IBk-s  publicly-owned  golf  courses  suf-
fered in the flooding too.527 
The  Roy  Kizer  public  course,  characterized 
by a +IBw-links style layout spread out over 200 acres,+IB0- 
with  +IBw-ample  fairways  and  the  choice  of  five  sets 
of  tees+IB0-  for  every  golfer,  had  two  greens  under 
water  for  a  few  hours,  and  lost  a  section  of  cart 
path,  according  to  the  City+IBk-s  Golf  Division.528  The 
Lions and Morris Williams courses were described 
as  having  minimal  damage,  but  the  City  secured 
$37,663 in FEMA grants.529 The Jimmy Clay course 
suffered  the  worst  damage,  with  +IBw-several  greens 
submerged in up to 6 feet of water,+IB0- +IBw-three fairways 
with standing water,+IB0- and worst of all, the need to 
replace  the  sand  in  bunkers  on  holes  4  and  11.530 
The course was closed for nine days following the 
storm.531 
Although  FEMA  grant  funds  are  only  sup-
posed  to  be  used  to  pay  for  damage  specifically 
caused by the disaster, the same greens damaged 
in the flood were also suffering from the ill effects of 
a nematode infestation, an insect referred to as the 
+IBw-Hidden Enemy+IB0- of golf courses.532 
Natural  disasters  can  wreak  havoc  on 
American  cities  and  towns.  FEMA  oversees  a 
number  of  programs  that  are  intended  to  provide 
taxpayer  funds  to  individuals,  and  state  and  local 
governments to help pay for repairs to critical pub-
licly-owned  infrastructure,  like  community  hospi-
tals, and schools after severe disasters. Since 1999, 
FEMA  has  spent more  than  $18 million  rebuilding 
public golf courses damaged during disasters.533 

35

WASTEBOOK 2014$47,000$18 million$202,291363738+AAw-Disney Polynesian Resort Gets Makeover

The  +IBw-happiest  place  on  earth+IB0-  got  a  little 
happier in 2014 as taxpayers helped Walt Disney 
World renovate its Polynesian Resort.
When the Polynesian Village resort opened 
in  1971,  it  was  +IBw-one  of  the  first  on-site  hotels  at 
the Walt Disney World Resort.+IB0-535 Today,  it  is un-
dergoing a massive renovation to bring the resort 
up  to  date,  all  with  a  little  help  from  the  Small 
Business Administration.
The  Small  Business  Administration  pro-
vided  a  total of $1.4 million  in  surety bond guar-
antees  to  two  firms  hired  by  Disney,  meaning  if 
they  fail  to  perform  the  taxpayer  will  step  into 
make  sure  Disney  is  made  whole.  The  first  was 
$455,684  for  a  construction  company  working 
to  install  a  +IBw-Complete  Skylight  System  at  the 
Grand Ceremonial House  in Disney+IBk-s Polynesian 
Resort,+IB0-536 and $982,282 guarantees for other re-
hab work at the resort.537

One of  the biggest companies  in  the world, 
the  Walt  Disney  Company  ranked  61st  in  the 
Fortune  100  rankings  for  2014  +IBM-  and  may  not 
seem  like  an  obvious  candidate  to  benefit  from 
small  business  assistance.538  It  operates  nine  of 
the world+IBk-s  ten most  popular  amusement  parks, 
which  together  bring  in  more  than  $2  billion  in 
annual profit.539
However,  with  backing  from  the  taxpayer, 
the  renovation  will  help  the  Polynesian  resort 
get  a  new  deck,  a  children+IBk-s  play  area  at  the 
Nanea  Volcano  pool,  20  new  bungalows  and  +IBw-a 
hot  tub with expansive  views of  the Seven Seas 
Lagoon.+IB0-540  In  the  Great  Ceremonial  House, 
Trader Sam+IBk-s Grotto +IBw-will feature a highly themed 
lounge  area,  with  handcrafted  tiki  cocktails 
served  in  souvenir  mugs  that  will  complement 
Polynesian-themed small plates.+IB0-  
+IBw-Tiki bars to me are a classic experience, so 

if  you  take  that  and  then  you  put  Disney  magic 
over  the  top  of  it,  it  doesn+IBk-t  get  any  better  than 
that,+IB0-  said  Disney  executive  vice  president, 
Debbie Petersen.541
Disney+IBk-s  Polynesian  Resort  is  one  of  Walt 
Disney World+IBk-s most luxurious resorts, with rooms 
starting at $429.   Touted as an  +IBw-oasis of  tropical 
palms, lush vegetation, koi ponds and white-sand 
beaches,+IB0- the resort is a short ride from the Magic 
Kingdom.8   Guests can enjoy  the Spirit of Aloha 
Dinner Show, with hula dancing, fire dancing, and 
an all-you-can-eat tropical feast.542 
+IBw-In  size  and  scope,  the  renovation  of 
Disney+IBk-s Polynesian Village Resort is a significant 
investment  in  the  guest  experience,+IB0-  said  senior 
vice  president  Tom Wolber,  adding,  +IBw-Once  com-
pleted, the iconic resort hotel will be re-imagined 
with a level of detail as only Disney can deliver.+IB0-543

Walt Disney World+IBk-s Polynesian Resort.534 

The Great Ceremonial House at Disney+IBk-s Polynesian Resort will 
benefit from federal bond guarantees. 

36

WASTEBOOK 2014$1,437,966 in guarantees39+AAw-Space Agency Hunts for the Lost 
Tomb of Genghis Khan

With  NASA+IBk-s  manned  space  missions 
grounded indefinitely, NASA is now searching for 
signs of ancient civilization right here on Earth. 
The  space  agency  sponsored  a  $15,000 
challenge545 to locate the lost tomb of Genghis 
Khan,  the  Mongol  leader  +IBw-responsible  for  the 
deaths  of  as  many  as  40  million  people+IB0-  and 
conquering more  territory  +IBw-than any  individual 
in history.+IB0-546 
According  to  legend,  Khan  died  in  1227 
and his final resting place was kept a secret. His 
tomb  is  most  likely  on  or  around  a  Mongolian 
mountain  called  Burkhan,  +IBw-but  to  this  day  its 
precise location is unknown.+IB0-547 
The  NASA  Tournament  Lab  at  Harvard 
University,  which 
received 
$1,761,065 
from  NASA  in  2014,548  offered  the  $15,000 
prize  through  the  crowd-sourcing  platform 
TopCoder,  Inc.,  to  help  find  the  tomb.549  The 
project  hopes  that  +IBw-TopCoder  community 

members  from  around  the  world  to  study 
select satellite imagery of the region of the lost 
tomb  of  Genghis  Khan  and  then  develop  an 
algorithm  that  will  recognize  human  built,  and 
potentially  historically  significant,  structures 
found in those images.+IB0-550 
Officially  known  as  the  Collaborative 
Minds  and  Machine  Learning  Exploration 
Challenge,  the  project  is  a  +IBw-first  of  its  kind+IB0- 
mash-up of +IBw-Crowd-sourcing, Open Innovation, 
human  exploration,  space  exploration,  and 
machine learning algorithms.+IB0-551 
The  project  employed  +IBw-state-of-the-art 
technologies  to  conduct  a  noninvasive  survey 
of  Genghis  Khan+IBk-s  homeland+IB0-  with  an  +IBw-online 
crowd  of  explorers+IB0-  using  satellite  imagery  to 
spot human-built structures.552 
+IBw-The quest to find Genghis Khan+IBk-s tomb has 
mystified scientists for hundreds of years,+IB0- notes 
TopCoder President and COO Rob Hughes.553 

Alas,  while  the  concept  for  the  challenge 
was  ambitious  and  innovative,  even  with  the 
assistance  of  NASA+IBk-s  space  imagery,  the  par-
ticipants+IBQ-like  many  who  tried  before  them+IBQ-
failed to find the lost tomb of Genghis Khan. 

A video presentation shows how the TopCoder community 
can help study NASA satellite imagery and develop 
algorithms that could uncover the lost tomb of Genghis Khan 

Abandoned Pennsylvania Mall Wants 
to be the East Coast Hollywood

Norristown, Pennsylvania, a beleaguered 
manufacturing  hub,  appears  to  have  been 
swindled  into  the  idea  of  transforming  an  old 
shuttered  Sears  department  store  into  a  sort 
of East Coast incarnation of Hollywood.554 
The Sears store sits  in a half-abandoned 
1950s-era  mall  about  two  miles  north  of 
downtown  Norristown  called  Logan  Square. 
It  is  probably  safe  to  say  that  most  folks 
would  greet  any  proposal  claiming  to  be  able 
to  transform  a  hollowed-out  old  Philly  mall 
like  Logan  Square  into  the  next  MGM  with  a 
raised eyebrow or roll of the eyes.555 
But  in  2008,  a  real  estate  developer 

named Charles Gallub bought up the old Logan 
Square  property.  In  a  masterful  display  of 
salesmanship,  Gallub  came  before  the  county 
government with an astonishing plan. Pointing 
to  tax  credits  that  Governor  Ed  Rendell  was 
then  backing  to  promote  filmmaking  in  the 
state,  Gallub  stated  that  he  could  +IBw-create  one 
of the best film studios on the East Coast of the 
United States.+IB0-556 His brainchild, named +IBw-Studio 
Centre,+IB0- would have a  +IBw-multiplier effect on  the 
local  economy,+IB0-  he  said,  projecting  1,300  new 
jobs  with  an  appealing  average  annual  salary 
of $60,000.557 
All  that  Gallub  needed  to  transform 

Norristown  into  the  next  silver  screen  mecca 
was  a  little  money.  Well,  a  lot  of  money.  In 
addition  to  the  $18.3  million  he  had  already 
sunk 
into 
the  property,  Gallub  would 
eventually  obtain  an  additional  $24.5  million 
from  the  county.558  Some  county  officials 
wondered whether they should get a financial 
guarantee  from  Gallub  should  the  project 
fail.559 No guarantee was ever signed. 
Today,  one  of  Logan  Square+IBk-s  primary 
tenants  is  a  thrift  store.  It  shares  the  remains 
of  the  mall  with  a  deli,  pharmacy,  Social 
Security Administration Office, and a political 
office for a state legislator. 

37

WASTEBOOK 2014$15,000$15 million4041+AAw-Wineries Get Help Selling Beer, 
Chile-Infused Wine

There  is  chile-flavored  ice  cream,  chile-
flavored  soda,  chile-flavored  beer  +IBM-  and  now 
with  some  help  from  the  taxpayer,  chile-
flavored wine. 
Every  year,  wineries  around  the  world 
produce  an  estimated  36  billion  bottles  of 
wine560  +IBM-  with  nearly  8,000  wineries  in  the 
U.S.  alone.561  One  New  Mexico  winery  hopes 
to add a few more bottles to that number with 
a federal subsidy to help distribute its brand of 
+IBw-chile-infused+IB0- wines. 
New  Mexico  Wineries,  also  known  for 
operating  the  St.  Clair  Winery  &  Bistro,  has 
created  +IBw-Hatch  Red  Chile  Wine+IB0-  and  +IBw-Hatch 
Green  Chile  Wine+IB0-  using 
locally  grown 
chiles.562  To  help  market  and  distribute 
their  wine,  USDA  provided  the  winery  with 
a  $50,000  grant  through  the  Value-Added 
Producer program. 
It +IBk-s  a  program  that  offloads  some  of  the 
burden  for  producing  and  marketing  locally-
grown products, and places it on the backs of 
taxpayers. This fiscal year, the USDA provided 
$4.5  million  in  grants  to  28  recipients  in  20 
states,  and  footed  the  bill  for  all  kinds  of 
operating costs that are normally born by the 
businesses.563 
While 
the  USDA  says  grants  are 
awarded on  a  +IBw-competitive basis,+IB0-564  it  seems 
that  politics  may  also  have  contributed. 
Senator  Tom  Udall  of  New  Mexico  boasted 
that  his  position  on  the  powerful  Senate 
Appropriations  Committee  was  instrumental 
in  sending  money  back  home  to  the  winery, 

raising questions about the hatch chile wine+IBk-s 
competitive edge.565 
The  vineyard  describes  both  of  its  chile 
wines  as  +IBw-bringing  to  life  the  flavor  of  the 
Southwest  with  [their]  unique  New  Mexican 
flair.+IB0-566 
However,  wine  critic  Jen  Van  Tieghem, 
gave  the  wine  a  less  than  glowing  review, 
finding,  +IBw-I  expected  the  chiles  to  pack  a  crisp 
punch, but, in the end, the spicy tones also fell 
short of the vibrancy I was hoping for.+IB0-567 
After  taking  the  chile  wine  to  a  party, 
she  described  the  crowd+IBk-s  reaction  this  way, 
+IBw-after  the  initial  taste  test,  no  one  asked  for 
a  second  sample  but,  rather,  started  thinking 
of other ways to use it+IBQ-in cooking or to make 
sangria, perhaps?568 
Others received funding as well, including 
Harvest  Ridge  Winery  in  Delaware,  which 
received  funds  to  +IBw-expand  the winery+IBk-s  reach 
and  draw  visitors  through  agro-tourism,+IB0-569 
while  the Wine  Barn  in  Kansas  is  using  grant 
money  to  develop  +IBw-a  billboard  campaign  and 
[strategically  place]  rack  cards  in  hotels  and 
corporate offices.+IB0-570 
Other farmers are raising their glasses of 
craft beer and cider in celebration of the grant 
program.  Three  breweries  received money  to 
develop  a  line  of  craft  brews  and  nine  farms 
received more grant money to build or expand 
their  production  of  hard  cider.571  And  just  for 
good  measure,  a  company  in  Hawaii  even 
received  taxpayer  funds  to  produce  mead 
from tropical fruit.572 

38

WASTEBOOK 2014$50,00042+AAw-Roaches, Mice, and Feces in Public Housing 
Funded by Uncle Sam, Slumlord

+IBw-I  just  got  tired  of  the  poop  falling  on me,+IB0- 
complained  Everett  Dennis  Lewis,  resident  of 
The Hacienda, an apartment building run by the 
Richmond Housing Authority in California. 
The  Hacienda  is  one  of  five  low-income 
housing  facilities  run by  the Richmond Housing 
Authority  with  deplorable 
living  conditions. 
Known  by  residents  as  the  +IBw-Haci-hellhole,+IB0-  an 
investigation  by  the  Center  for  Investigative 
Reporting  found  the  facility  to  be  riddled  with 
+IBw-handfuls of half-dead mice,+IB0- +IBw-drug dealers,+IB0- and 
+IBw-blue and green mold.+IB0-573 
Across  the  country,  hundreds  of  public 
housing  authorities  are  overseen  and  funded 
by  the  U.S.  Department  of  Housing  and  Urban 
Development (HUD). In 2014, HUD provided the 
Richmond Housing Authority with over $27 mil-
lion,  despite  longstanding  reports  that  its  resi-
dents have been living in squalor.574 
One  paralyzed  veteran  became  trapped 
in the building when the elevator broke for sev-
eral  days,575  leaving  firefighters  to  rescue  him 
through a third-story window.576 Resident Janae 
Fletcher  complained  of  bedbugs  in  her  apart-
ment, but was told they were her fault.577 +IBw-I was 

scratching  so  hard  that  I  had  holes  in my  skin,+IB0- 
Fletcher  said,  +IBw-and housing  told me,  +IBg-Maybe  it+IBk-s 
the company you keep.+IBk-+IB0-578 
Residents  at  the  Hacienda  filed  dozens  of 
complaints,  most  that  went  unheeded.  +IBw-This 
building  should  be  bulldozed,+IB0-  finally  conceded 
city  councilman  Jael  Myrick,  adding  that  the 
primitive living conditions +IBw-should not have been 
allowed to persist for this long.+IB0-579 
However, HUD knew  for a  long time about 
the  problems with  the  facility,  even  as  it  sent  it 
tens of millions of dollars a year +IBM- a situation the 
failed  to  produce  change.  +IBw-Federal  inspectors 
in  2009  and  then  again  in  2011  also  warned  of 
severe  problems  with  the  roof.  In  2009,  an  en-
tire electrical closet+IBk-s walls were +IBg-saturated with 
water mold and mildew,+IB0- reported a major inves-
tigation of  the authority+IBk-s  failures.580 Major gaps 
have  existed  in  between  the  foundation  and 
walls for at least five years.581 
In  2011,  the  Senate  fell  one  vote  short  of 
changing  HUD  policy  to  punish  slumlords  who 
take  taxpayer  money.  An  amendment  offered 
by Sen. Tom Coburn would have  revoked  fund-
ing  from  any  slumlord  who  persisted  in  leaving 

life-threatening  conditions 
in  place  without 
remedy.582 It lost by a vote of 59 in favor and 40 
against, or one less than required to overcome a 
filibuster led by Sen. Patty Murray.583 
Some of the people appointed to serve the 
Hacienda  seemed  to  hardly  stand  being  near 
it,  instead  spending  tens of  thousands  to  travel 
the  country.  Between  2008-2011,  members  of 
the  Richmond  Housing  Advisory  Commission, 
which  oversees  the  authority+IBk-s  work,  spent 
nearly  $80,000  for  travel  to  +IBw-conferences  in 
places such as Nashville, Washington, D.C., and 
Palm  Springs.+IB0-584  Their  travel  budget  exceeded 
that for the members of the City Council.585 
HUD eventually found that the travel was not 
+IBw-an eligible us of operating funds,+IB0- adding, +IBw-Whether 
it was a wise use of money (by the housing authori-
ty) is not a determination we will make.+IB0-586 
All the while, residents of the building were 
afraid for their health and safety. +IBw-I+IBk-m afraid that 
the building+IBk-s going to come down on me,+IB0- said 
Rhonda Marshall.587 
Another resident concluded, +IBw-Not one sin-
gle human being should be living here. This is an 
uninhabitable building.+IB0-588 

DHS Buys Too Many Cars and Let+IBk-s Them 
Sit Underused

With  the  second  largest  vehicle  fleet  in 
the  federal  government,  the  Department  of 
Homeland  Security  (DHS)  could  save  tens 
of  millions  in  taxpayer  dollars  by  reducing 
underused vehicles. 
is  comprised 
The  DHS  vehicle  fleet 
of  56,000  vehicles  costing  $485  million  to 
operate  annually.  Three  DHS  components, 
Customs  and  Border  Protection  (CBP),  U.S. 
Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), 
and  the  National  Protection  and  Programs 

Directorate  (NPPD),  maintain  approximately 
42,000 vehicles, or 75% of fleet.589 
DHS  Office  of  Inspector  General  (OIG) 
audited the vehicle fleet, by inspecting the use 
of  hundreds  of  DHS  vehicles  across  several 
DHS components. 
Of  the  vehicles  inspected,  about  two-
thirds  were  underused590.  With  the  average 
operating  cost  per  vehicle  at  $988,  $2,914, 
and  $8,329  for  CBP,  ICE,  and  NPPD  vehicles 
respectively  this  adds  up  quite  quickly.  The 

Inspector  General  estimated  that  the  total 
amount  wasted  on  underused  vehicles  to  be 
between $35.3 and $48.6 million.591 
The  IG+IBk-s  conclusion  was  that  DHS  does 
not +IBw-adequately manage+IB0- the 56,000 vehicles 
because  +IBw-each  DHS  component  manages 
its  own  vehicle  fleet+IB0-  which  makes  it  tough 
+IBw-to  provide  adequate  oversight  and  ensure 
compliance with Federal laws.+IB0-592 

39

WASTEBOOK 2014$27 million$35 million4344+AAw-Costs Skyrocket 
for +IBw-Birds In 
Space+IB0- Replica

Can  a  taxpayer-funded  sculpture  fly? 
Chicago-based  artist  I+APE-igo  Manglano-Ovalle 
tried to figure this out by +IBw-fabricating a life-size 
steel-and-aluminium  replica+IB0-593  of  Constantin 
Brancusi+IBk-s  iconic Birds  in Space sculpture that 
sold in 2005 for a whopping $27.4 million.594 
The artist placed the replica sculpture, +IBw-in 
a hypervelocity wind  tunnel at Mach 10, or  ten 
times the speed of sound.+IB0-595 The Bird in Space 
replica  +IBw-had  unexpectedly  good  aerodynam-
ic  efficiency  at  hypersonic  speeds,  a  goal  not 
achieved by engineering for decades.+IB0-596 
This replica was purchased for the building 
that houses the Food and Drug Administration+IBk-s 
Center  for  Biologics  Evaluation  and  Research. 
The artist thought the Bird  in Space knock-off 
+IBw-would raise awareness for the FDA employees 
to  the  existence  of  the  U.S.  Air  Force  mission 
that shares their campus.+IB0-597 
The  sculpture  was  purchased  as  part  of 
the  General  Services  Administration  Art  in 
Architecture  Program,  where  a  percentage  of 
construction costs are +IBw-reserved for art in each 
government building.+IB0-598 
The  taxpayer  cost  of  the  replica  was 
$410,000,  which  because  of  modifications 
doubled in price.599 

Life-size replica of the +IBw-Birds in Space+IB0- sculpture (seen on 
the right) cost taxpayers $410,000 
40

DOD Tries To Build Real-Life 
+IBw-Iron Man+IB0- Suit

Government  contractors  have  built  a  suit 
of  military  super-armor  to  withstand  bullets 
and  carry  hundreds  of  pounds,  all  powered 
by  futuristic  energy  source.  No,  that+IBk-s  not  the 
plot  of  Hollywood+IBk-s  blockbuster  movie  series, 
Iron Man, but the hope of Pentagon officials to 
bring science fiction to the battlefield. 
The Department of Defense has set aside 
millions  to  try  and  create  what  it+IBk-s  calling  a 
Tactical  Assault  Light  Operator  Suit  (TALOS). 
+IBw-We sometimes refer to it as the Iron Man suit, 
frankly,  to  attract  the  attention,  imagination 
and  excitement  of  industry  and  academia,+IB0- 
said  Michael  Fieldson,  heading  up  the  TALOS 
program.600 
In addition  to dozens of defense contrac-
tors  and  experts,  the  Pentagon  is  also  collab-
orating  with  the  big  time  Hollywood  costume 
designers  from  movies  such  as  Terminator, 
RoboCop, Captain America, and Iron Man.601 
+IBw-When  you+IBk-re  doing  something  for  a mov-
ie,  it  is  all  make-believe,+IB0-  said  a  founder  of  the 
Hollywood company that designed the Iron Man 
suit.602  Crediting  computer-generated  special 
effects  for the  fictional technologies of the  Iron 
Man  suit,  she  explained  that  +IBw-for  the  military, 
that+IBk-s not really going to be the case.+IB0-603 
TALOS  has  an  estimated  budget  of  $80 
million  over  the  next  four  years,604  but  one 
industry  official  of  a  large  defense  firm  has 
predicted  that  the  TALOS  program  will  +IBw-need 
about  a  billion  dollars+IB0-  for  a  successful  proto-
type.605 
Like  most  things  in Washington,  the  cost 
of producing even  the simplest of  things often 

cost  many  times  what  it  would  elsewhere,  as 
one observer unwittingly noted. +IBw-To do  it right, 
they  need  about  a  billion  dollars,+IB0-  said  one  in-
dustry  official,  adding,  +IBw-Twenty  million  dollars 
a  year  in  an  R&D  budget  --  you  couldn+IBk-t  even 
develop a pencil on that.+IB0-606 
That  sentiment  perfectly  describes  the 
problem  with  the  military  industrial  complex+IBQ-
they really honestly probably could not develop 
a pencil for DOD for only $20 million. 
The  Iron-Man  suit would  protect U.S.  sol-
diers  with  body  armor  made  of  an  agile  exo-
skeleton,  which  could  also  carry  hundreds  of 
pounds of gear.607 
However, not everyone in the defense indus-
try thinks this is a good idea. A 2013 study funded 
by  the Department  of Defense  and  the National 
Academy  of  Sciences  found  that  soldiers+IBk-  com-
bat  loads  are  far  already  too  excessive,  and 
that  +IBw-the  approach  of  acquiring  and  fielding 
every  +IBg-new+IBk- technology  is both  impractical and 
unaffordable.608 
And  while  a  promotional  video  for  the 
TALOS program shows bullets ricocheting off a 
cartoon soldier dressed in the suit,609 field tests 
have  so  far  found  soldiers  struggling  to  run, 
dive, and shoot when using the real thing.610 
Part  of  the  problem  is  the  final  suit  is 
projected  to weigh  up  to  400  pounds,611 most-
ly  just  to  carry  its  365  pounds  of  batteries  to 
power  the  suit.612  One  researcher  noted  that 
Hollywood  special  effects  made  the  Iron  Man 
suit  +IBw-impossibly  thin,  impossibly  light,  impossi-
bly agile, and impossibly energy efficient.+IB0-613 

WASTEBOOK 2014$410,00045$80 million46+AAw-Drug Enforcement Administration 
Celebrates Itself With Own Museum

Alongside  fighting  drug  dealers  and 
narco-traffickers, 
the  Drug  Enforcement 
Administration  (DEA)  has  another,  lesser-
important mission: operating a museum. 
Since 1999, the +IBw-DEA Museum+IB0- has been 
housed  in  the  foyer of a non-descript Virginia 
DEA  headquarters  office  complex.614  Some 
have  raised  the  pertinent  question  of  why 
taxpayer  money  is  being  spent  to  detail  its 
history of fighting drugs rather than the usual 
federal entities that fund museums615 
In  2014,  taxpayers  spent  $95,000  to  the 
operation and promotion of the museum. The 
largest  portion  of  those  funds  +IBM-  $65,000  +IBM- 
helped  support  one  of  its  traveling  exhibits, 
Target  America,  which  was  displayed  at  the 
Maryland  Science  Center.616  An  additional 
$25,000  paid  for  one  of  the  museum+IBk-s 
staff  members617  and  $5,000  purchased  an 
advertisement at a nearby subway station.618 
Whether  the  money  has  been  effective 
in  drawing  people 
is  highly  suspect. 
in 
Attendance  at  the  museum  has  been  light 
over  the  years,  with  the  average  number 
of  weekly  visitors  at  a  little  less  than  225.619 
A  report  from  2007  noted  that  most  of  the 
museum+IBk-s  visitors  were  +IBw-middle  and  high 
school students on class trips.+IB0-620 

Items on display at the DEA Museum gift shop

When 
Enforcement 
Drug 
the 
Administration (DEA) opened a museum in 1999 
about  the agency+IBk-s  fight against  illegal drugs,  it 
hoped  the  exhibits  would  prompt  parents  and 
teachers  to  talk  with  kids.621  However,  the  mu-
seum+IBk-s  website  cautions  that  exhibits  may  not 
be appropriate for kids under ten years old.622 In 
addition to the replica 1970+IBk-s head shop, the ex-
hibits are filled with stacks of drug parapherna-
lia, a Santa Muerte occultist statue and +IBw-a grisly 
photo of a junkie killed by an overdose.+IB0-623 
Despite  the  gruesome  exhibits,  museum 
officials are still hoping that kids will show up. 
In 2013,  the museum  rolled out  its DEA  Junior 
Special  Agent  program  for  third-graders  as 
young  as  eight  years  old  that  show  up  and 
explore  the  museum.624  When  they+IBk-re  done 
with  that,  the  gift  shop  also  caters  to  little 
ones,  offering  DEA-themed  +IBw-onesies,+IB0-  rubber 
duckies  with  gestapo-style  hats  or  miniature 
plush German Shepherds.625 
The  museum  was  given  $349,000  from 
Congress  when  it  first  opened  its  doors  in 
1999, but today it is run by the DEA Educational 
Foundation.626  In  2013,  the  museum  closed 
its  doors  for  renovation,  which 
included 
expanding  the  gift  shop  and  incorporating 
iPads into the exhibits.627 

DEA agents seized this Santa Muerte statue from drug 
dealers in Mexico. 

41

WASTEBOOK 2014$95,00047+AAw-Missile Defense Misses the Target

But the MDA and its supporters in Congress 
continue  to  proclaim  the  system+IBk-s  success  and 
fund  the  program,  in  spite  of  the  fact  the  GAO 
found  MDA  was  purposely  obscuring  the  pro-
gram+IBk-s  cost  growth  in  an  effort  to  make  over-
sight  of  the  program  more  difficult.644  By  the 
time all 44 GBIs are deployed  in 2017  the GMD 
program will  have  cost  taxpayers  $41  billion,  at 
least  +IBw-30  to  50  percent  more+IB0-  than  it  should 
have cost as compared to +IBw-successful programs 
with missiles of comparable complexity.+IB0-645 
Despite  obvious  flaws,  the  MDA  and 
Congress  are  moving  forward  with  a  $1  bil-
lion  decision  based  on  a  30%  success  rate  in 
tests  that  fail  to  replicate  a  real world  scenar-
io.  Almost  immediately  after  the  June  test  re-
sults  were  announced,  production  of  the  EKV 
was  resumed  and  the  MDA  announced  it  was 
moving  forward  with  its  plan  to  deploy  the 
additional  14  missiles.  Even  more  concerning, 
Congress  is  moving  to  expand  the  program 
to  develop  an  East Coast missile  defense  site, 
at  a  potential  cost  of  billions more  for  taxpay-
ers+IBQ-the House+IBk-s version of the fiscal year 2015 
National  Defense  Authorization  Act  (NDAA) 
included $20M for construction costs, and the 
MDA  is  already  conducting  an  Environmental 
Impact Study at four possible locations for the 
new site. 

By  the  time  it  is  completed,  the  Defense 
Department  will  have  spent  more  than  $41 
billion  on  a missile  defense  system  that with  a 
30%  success  rate  at  stopping  missiles.628  Our 
Ballistic Missile  Defense  System  (BMDS)  con-
sists of both ground- and sea-based radar and 
interceptor  missiles  that  provide  a  +IBw-layered+IB0- 
defense against a nuclear strike on our home-
land.629  Developed  to  intercept  intermediate 
and  intercontinental  ballistic  missiles  (ICBM), 
the  Ground-based  Midcourse  Defense  (GMD) 
system  is  the  backbone  of  our  ground-based 
missile defense system. 
It 
is  built  around 
the  hit-to-kill 
Exoatmospheric  Kill  Vehicle  (EKV)  warhead, 
which  in  theory  intercepts  and  destroys  an 
incoming  ICBM  in  our  upper  atmosphere.  The 
U.S.  currently  has  30  GMD  Ground-Based 
Interceptors  (GBIs)  deployed  in  Alaska  and 
California,  and  plans  to  deploy  an  additional 
14  by  2017,  even  though  the  system+IBk-s  perfor-
mance  has  been  marred  by  failure  and  final 
testing  of  the  system+IBk-s  capabilities  and  limita-
tions won+IBk-t be completed until 2022.630 
A  successor  to  the  Reagan  era  +IBw-Star 
Wars+IB0-  Strategic  Defense  Initiative  (SDI)  pro-
gram, development of GMD was fast tracked in 
2002 with a Bush administration plan to deploy 
an  +IBw-initial  set  of  missile  defense  capabilities+IB0- 
by  2005.631  To  meet  the  timeline,  GMD  was 
rushed  into  a  high-risk,  concurrent  develop-
ment,  production,  and  fielding  process  known 
as  +IBw-concurrency.+IB0-  In  2012,  the  Government 
Accountability Office  (GAO)  reported  that  the 
program+IBk-s  +IBw-highly  concurrent  development, 
production, and fielding strategy+IB0- had resulted 
in  +IBw-disrupted  production,  increased  costs,  and 
delayed fielding+IB0- of the system.632 
Critics  of  the  program  remain  skeptical 
that  the  system  will  ever  be  able  to  intercept 
an operational ICBM as intended. The Defense 
Department+IBk-s Operational Test and Evaluation 
(DOT&E),  the  final  authority  on  weapon  sys-
tem performance, has long warned the system 
falls  short.633  Its  former  director,  Philip  Coyle, 
said  recently,  +IBw-The  GMD  system  still  has  no 
demonstrated effectiveness to defend the U.S. 
+ICY-against  enemy  attack  under  realistic  opera-
tional  conditions.+IB0-634  That+IBk-s  because  the  tests 

on  the  GMD  system  are  conducted  at  lower 
velocity  than  what  the  system  would  encoun-
ter against an actual operational ICBM, making 
them a poor approximation of the conditions of 
a real attack.635 
And even at the lower velocity, the test re-
sults  don+IBk-t  inspire  confidence. Of  the  17  highly 
scripted  tests  performed  on  the  GMD  system 
to  date,  only  9  (53  percent)  have  successful-
ly  intercepted  their  target,  and  the  last  test  in 
June of this year was the first successful test of 
the improved EKV, the Capability Enhancement 
(CE-II)  model.  Two  previous  tests  of  the  CE-II 
failed in 2010,636 prompting Congress to impose 
a  delay  on  further  production  until  successful 
tests could be demonstrated.637 The MDA+IBk-s of-
ficial  release  following  the  system+IBk-s  June  test 
hailed  it  as  the  fourth  intercept  of  +IBw-the  GMD+ICY-
operationally  configured 
interceptor  since 
2006,+IB0-638  even  though  GAO  has  reported  that 
the first test of the operationally configured in-
terceptor  in 2006 would not have resulted  in a 
kill of the incoming missile.639 
The DOD Inspector General (IG) attributes 
three  of  the  test  failures  directly  to  the  EKV, 
which  it says suffers  from quality control  issues 
resulting  from  a  culture  driven  by  +IBw-schedule 
and  cost  priorities+IB0-  that  created  +IBw-a  manufac-
turing  challenge+IB0-  for  the  EKV.640  The  National 
Research  Council  (NRC)  was  less  kind  in  its 
2012  assessment  of  the  program,  noting  that 
the GMD system exemplified the MDA+IBk-s +IBw-+IBw-hobby 
shop+IB0- approach, with many false starts on poor-
ly analyzed concepts.+IB0-641 Because of the number 
of design changes the EKV has undergone over 
the  years,  costly  retrofits  will  have  to  be  made 
to  the  30 GBIs  that  are  already  deployed. GAO 
has  reported  a  cost  increase  from  $236 million 
to  $1.309  billion  to  +IBw-demonstrate  as  well  as  fix, 
the already produced CE-IIs.+IB0-642 
Even  if  the  issues with  the EKV  can be  re-
solved,  the  GMD  system  is  designed  to  repel 
only  a  limited  ICBM  attack  and would  be  easily 
overwhelmed  by  the  simple  countermeasures 
that  would  be  deployed  in  a  real  attack,  such 
as  +IBw-decoys+IB0-  designed  to  confuse  the  system, 
or  +IBw-structured  attacks  involving  simultaneous 
launches and/or attacks on key components of 
the defense, notably its sensors.+IB0-643 

42

WASTEBOOK 2014$998 million48+AAw-Virgin Island Ferries Sit 
Unused for Nearly a Year

For  residents  and  visitors  of  the  Virgin 
Islands  (V.I.),  reliable  ferries  that  travel  from 
island  to  island  are  a  necessity.  Yet,  af ter 
spending millions for two ferries to transport 
passengers between two islands, the vessels 
have sat largely unused in 2014. 
Purchasing  the  new  ships  was  part  of  a 
plan by Virgin Islands government of f icials to 
upgrade the aging ferries that make the two-
mile  trip  back  and  forth  each  day  between 
the  islands  of  St.  Thomas  and  St.  John.646 
With $7.6 million in federal funding, they were 
able  in  2014  to  purchase  two  new  vessels  to 
upgrade  the  existing  fleet  +IBM-  the  Cruz  Bay  1 
and the Red Hook 1.647 
When  the  plan  was  f irst  announced, 
local of f icials on the Virgin Islands estimated 
they  could  buy  two  +IBw-300-passenger  ferry 
boats  [that]  cost  between  $2 million  to  $2 .5 
million  each.+IB0-648  To  help  fund  the  purchases, 
the  federal  government  awarded  several 
federal  grants  and  earmarks  since  2007  to 
make  the  upgrades,  including  the  biggest 
portion +IBM- $3 million +IBM- from the 2009 stimulus 
legislation.649 
The  federal  stimulus  award  was  not 
without  controversy,  however.  Elected 
of f icials in Washington State questioned why 
their  state,  with  the  largest  ferry  network  in 
the nation, was shut out  from an early  round 

of stimulus funding while millions went to the 
Virgin  Islands.650  Federal  of f icials  responded 
by  stating  the  urgency  of  the  need  +IBM-  a  point 
which  the  island  government  seems  to  have 
missed. 
From  the start,  the plan  to purchase  the 
ferries  was  itself  beset  by  problems.  First, 
cost  overruns  for  the  project  saw  expenses 
soar  and  the  f inal  purchase  price  was  $3.25 
million  each  for  vessels  that  could  carry 
around  200  people  +IBM-  nearly  100  fewer  than 
originally  estimated.651  Next,  though  the 
ferries  were  acquired  in  November  2013, 
nearly  a  year  has  passed  without  the  ships 
being put into permanent use. 
The  ships  were  supposed 
to  be 
operational  by 
the  end  of  2013,  but 
insurance  problems  prevented  that  from 
happening.652  Then  in  January,  V.I.  Public 
Works  Commissioner  Darryl  Smalls  said  the 
ferries  should  be  ready  to  go  by  the  end  of 
February.653  However,  delays  in  scheduling 
Coast  Guard  inspections  pushed  back  the 
date  they  would  be  ready.  The  inspections 
were not completed until June and the ferries 
were f inally launched in early July.654 
Af ter only a month in operation, however, 
the  ferries  were  once  again  taken  out  of 
service  and  docked  in  Cruz  Bay  since  early 
August.655  Commissioner  Smalls  explained 

Top: Vessels docked in Cruz Bay on September 3, 2014 
Bottom: Vessels remain unmoved October 10, 2014 

in  early  September  that  legal  issues  with 
contractors  were  to  blame  and  that  the 
vessels would be back up and running +IBw-within 
the  next  few  days.+IB0-656  As  the  photos  below 
demonstrate,  though,  the  ferries  remained 
docked nearly two weeks later. 
While  the  ships  are  in  good  working 
order, according to Smalls, there is no telling 
when they +IBk-ll be reinstated.657 

43

WASTEBOOK 2014$7.6 million49+AAw-Jonas Bonus: Rich and Famous Rent Out 
Their Pads Tax Free

One  provision  in  the  tax  code  allows  the 
rich  and  famous  to  rent  out  their  property  for 
short  periods  of  time  without  reporting  the 
revenue on their tax returns. This may seem  in-
consequential, but the celebs that rent out their 
digs for thousands per day sure appreciate it. 
Under IRS rules, income received for short-
term  rentals  total  less  than  15  days  per  year  is 
tax-free.  Even  a  second  home  or  a  vacation 
property can be rented out, as  long as the total 
stay per year  is  less than 15 days.658 There  is no 
limit  on  the  total  income  that  can  be  excluded, 
nor is there any prohibition against high earners. 
The result is a potential bonanza for rentals 
around  major  sporting  events,  and  about  $10 
million in federal revenue is lost each year to the 
loophole.659 
in  East 
At  Super  Bowl  XLVIII,  held 
Rutherford, New  Jersey  earlier  this  year,  asking 
rates  for  studios,  apartments,  and  houses  fre-
quently  ran  into  thousands  of  dollars  per  night. 
Just  a  few  weeks  before  football+IBk-s  greatest 

game of the year, the average rental close to the 
stadium cost $1,600 a night, though many went 
for much more.660 
One  three  bedroom  home  advertised  for 
$5,000  per  night,  boasting,  +IBw-You  won+IBk-t  find 
a  more  perfect  location  for  your  New  York 
Superbowl  trip  than  this  handsomely  decorat-
ed 3 bedroom home  in Secaucus.+IB0-661 And  these 
landlords won+IBk-t find a better deal, making sever-
al thousand dollars tax free. 
One  young  enterprising  football  fan,  rent-
ed  three  of  his  bedrooms  for  $2,000  per  night, 
more than enough to cover his $5,600 rent and 
utilities bill that month. +IBw-There+IBk-s no need to stay 
there if we can make up a month+IBk-s rent,+IB0- he told 
a local reporter.662 
During  last  year+IBk-s  Super  Bowl,  one  super-
star  scored  a  touchdown  renting  his  property, 
avoiding  tax  penalties.  Kevin  Jonas  rented  his 
mansion out for $20,000 per night for 12 nights 
( just under  the  limit).663 Complete with +IBw-a walk-
out  basement,  a  billiard  room,  and  home  the-

ater  complete  with  stadium  seating  and  a  3-D 
projector+ICY-a  6,500-bottle  wine  cellar  and  the 
property+IBk-s  in-ground  saltwater  pool,+IB0-  the  rental 
scheme  could  have  brought  in  $240,000  tax-
free,  adding  to  his  estimated  net  worth  of  $18 
million.664 665 
Kevin  Jonas  was  not  the  only  celebrity  to 
benefit  from  the  IRS+IBk-s generosity. An NFL play-
er even put his  two-bedroom apartment up  for 
rent  on  Craigslist.666  He  was  asking  $9,000  for 
the week to supplement his $450,000 salary.667 
668 

Jonas+IBk-  home  was  also  not  the  only  one  in 
the  $100,000-plus  club  either.  Another  home 
advertised  for  $119,500  for  +IBw-Super  Bowl  Week 
Only.+IB0-669 
Major  events  that  homeowners  take  ad-
vantage  of  are  not  limited  just  to  the  Super 
Bowl.  PGA  Tour  tournaments,  the  South  by 
Southwest  music  festival  in  Austin,  Texas,  and 
NCAA  college  basketball  games  have  all  been 
magnets for these types of tax-free loopholes.670 

44

WASTEBOOK 2014$10 million50+AAw-State Department Tweets @ Terrorists

The  State  Department+IBk-s  Center  for  Strategic  Counterterrorism 
Communications  (CSCC)  is  responsible  for  crafting  the  official  online 
presence  of  the  U.S.  government  on  social  media  sites  like  Facebook 
and  Twitter  with  the  mission  to  counter  the  sophisticated  propaganda 
machines  of  terrorist  groups  around  the  globe.  This  year,  a  portion  of  the 
$3  million671  taxpayers  entrusted  to  CSCC  was  used  to  create  the  Think 
Again Turn Away Twitter account, which currently counts more than 2,000 
tweets and 7,654 followers.672 
According  to  the  State  Department,  the  theory  behind  Think  Again 
Turn Away  is that  it provides a counter to the tweets of +IBw-extremists [who] 
were previously able to spread their bile without fear of pushback.+IB0-673 Each 
tweet sent out by the CSCC+IBk-s Digital Outreach Team is crafted to +IBw-redirect 
the conversation+IB0- and put the extremists +IBw-on the defensive+IB0- to make them 
+IBw-aware that when they try to spread their message, they will encounter re-
sistance.+IB0-674 
There are of course no hard metrics on  the campaign+IBk-s  impact on  ji-
hadist recruiting numbers. As evidence the campaign is having effect+IBQ-+IBw-un-
nerving the adversary+IB0-  in the parlance of this digital battlefield+IBQ-the State 
Department cites  the more  than 80,000  views of a  video  titled  +IBw-ISIS Kills 
Muslims,+IB0-  which  it  says  +IBw-debunked  [the  Islamic  State  of  Iraq  and  Syria 
(ISIS)]+IBk-s  role  as  self-proclaimed  defender  of  Sunni Muslims,+IB0-  and  the  +IBw-ex-
treme indignation+IB0- of +IBw-affiliated media units and avowed supporters of the 
group+IB0- who are targeted by the campaign.675 
The  campaign  falls  short  on  even  these  rather  squishy  objectives. 
Dubbed  +IBw-trolling  for  terrorists,+IB0-  critics  have  questioned  the  utility  of  such 
a campaign that  is +IBw-less set on converting would-be terrorists than simply 
preventing  these  accounts  from  running  uninterrupted  and  unchallenged 
feeds.+IB0-676 A recent commentator in Time Magazine put it more bluntly, say-
ing,  +IBw-this outreach by  the U.S. government  is not only  ineffective, but also 
provides jihadists with a stage to voice their arguments...+IB0-677 
It+IBk-s  hard  to  disagree  with  the  characterization  of  Think  Again  Turn 
Away  as  a  +IBw-gaffe  machine.+IB0-678  Despite  the  State  Department+IBk-s  efforts  to 
put  lipstick on  the program,  its  latest video cited called  +IBw-Welcome  to  ISIS 
Land+IB0- was widely panned as a taxpayer funded ISIS recruitment video. And 
it+IBk-s unclear how some of the tweets are actually countering the ISIS propa-
ganda. This mildly worded  tweet and  its accompanying picture of an  ISIS 
victory  parade  in  Syria  could  be  mistaken  for  blatant  ISIS  propaganda  if 
tweeted under another hashtag:

Other tweets read more like bad one-liners than witty quips dispelling 
ISIS ideology, such as this zinger referencing the Syrian refugee crisis: 

And  though someone probably scored points with  the boss,  radical-
ized  18-25  year olds are unlikely  to be  swayed by  this  tweet of Secretary 
Kerry+IBk-s monotone  plea  about  ISIS+IBk-s  treatment  of women  during  a  recent 
Congressional hearing: 

Rita Katz,  the author of  the Time Magazine article, who has made a 
career out of studying terrorists, offered that +IBw-had the people behind Think 
Again Turn Away understood  jihadists+IBk- mindsets and reasons for their be-
havior,  they  would  have  known  that  their  project  of  counter  messaging 
would not only be a waste of  taxpayer money, but ultimately be counter-
productive.+IB0-679 
Even  those who  hope  Think Again  Turn Away  could  one  day  be  the 
tweeting  near  peer  to  ISIS  acknowledge  social  media+IBk-s  limitations  as  an 
effective  tool  in  the war of  ideas we  find ourselves  in  today. +IBw-The govern-
ment may one day become brilliant at hashtag diplomacy, capable of beat-
ing  IS[IS]  to  the punch. But  that would  seem unlikely given  the  structural 
advantages the medium gives to sensationalism and attack on established 
positions.+IB0-680 
The extremist message that resonates with a would-be ISIS jihadist is 
born of the want and disaffection that comes from the lack of better oppor-
tunities. What the State Department fails to realize with its taxpayer-funded 
social media experiment is that efforts like this will always fail because they 
attempt to address the war of  ideas at  its downstream effect as opposed 
to its root cause. Instead of sending one more State Department tweet, we 
should reinvest these funds  in activities that  improve basic education and 
develop the free market in places that remain disconnected from the global 
economy. We can yield better results for our scarce taxpayer dollars than 
extreme indignation. 

45

WASTEBOOK 2014$3 million51+AAw-Border Patrol Builds Over-Priced 
Houses for Temporary Workers

Next,  CBP  designed  and  built  housing 
that  exceeded  employee  needs.  A  2009 
CBP  study  to  determine  the  housing  needs 
for  border  agents  stationed  in  Ajo  found 
they  would  best  be  served  by  one-bedroom 
apartment-style  housing  for  use  during  the 
workweek.684  Rather  than  build  apartments, 
however,  CBP  built  21  two-  and  three-
bedroom single family homes.685 
These  were  no  average  homes,  though, 
but instead cost nearly $700,000 apiece +IBM- or 
nearly  six  times  the  going  rate  for  home  in 
Ajo,  Arizona.686  In  the  same  year  the  homes 
were built, the average cost of housing in Ajo 
was $86,500.687 
+IBw-You  could  buy  any  house  in  town  for 
$100,000,+IB0-  said  Tina West,  a  member  of  the 
Western  Pima  County  Community  Council, 
+IBw-It +IBk-s just another multimillion-dollar waste.+IB0-688 
In  part,  prices  were  driven  up  because 
they  equipped  each  house  with  expensive 
upgrades,  such  as  quartz  countertops, 
stainless  steel  appliances, 
free-standing 
additional  freezers,  wireless  ceiling  fans, 
plantation  shutters,  and  walk-in  pantries.689 
The  new  homes  range  from  1,276  to  1,570 
square feet. 
According 

the  DHS  Of f ice  of 

to 

Inspector  General,  since  the  completion  of 
the  Ajo  project,  the  houses  have  not  been 
fully  occupied,  citing  the  rental  rates  as  the 
likely  cause.  The  price  to  rent  the  two-  and 
three-bedroom  houses  ranged  from  $1,075 
to $1,314 for a single tenant. 
The agency installed expensive wireless 
fans to avoid having to replace the pull strings 
on standard ceiling  fans.690 When asked why 
they  spent  so  much  money  on  these  things, 
CBP  said  +IBw-if  they  spent  more  up  front,  they 
would save money in the end.+IB0-691 
CBP  added  attached  garages 
large 
enough 
three  cars, 
to  accommodate 
measuring  748  square  feet,  citing  most 
agents  and  of f icers  assigned  Ajo  stations 
have two cars.692 
CBP also paid more  than $2 .4 million  to 
buy  20  park-model  trailer  homes  and  lease 
land  on  which  to  park  them  to  satisfy  the 
same  purpose  as  the  single  family  homes. 
Between  October  2013  and  March  2014,  18 
of the 20 mobile homes were vacant. 
CBP  has  built  half  of  a  complex  in  Ajo, 
Arizona and intends to build the same type of 
housing  in  f ive  other  locations  once  funding 
becomes available. 

Quartz countertops, plantation shutters, 
spacious open kitchens, three bedrooms and 
the  latest  in  stainless  steel  appliances.  No, 
that +IBk-s not a  real estate ad  from  the nice part 
of  town,  but  a  description  of  ritzy  housing 
units for Border Patrol agents in Ajo, Arizona. 
The homes were purchased by Customs 
and Border Patrol (CBP) for agents reporting 
temporarily  to Ajo, where  few border agents 
live.  However,  a  report  by  the  Department 
of  Homeland  Security +IBk-s  (DHS) 
inspector 
general  found  the  agency  +IBw-vastly  overpaid+IB0- 
for homes and built them far bigger than they 
should have.681 
Customs  and  Border  Patrol  (CBP)  +IBM-  a 
component of DHS +IBM- devised a plan  in 2008 
to  acquire  housing  units  in  several  remote 
areas  along  the  southwest  border,  and  paid 
the  General  Services  Administration  $1.4 
million  to manage  the project.682 The project 
was  badly  mismanaged,  though, 
leading 
to  the  inspector  general  accusing  CBP  of 
wasting $4.6 million. 
To  start,  the  agency  paid  +IBw-nearly  $1 
million for 12 acres of land,+IB0- but the inspector 
general  determined  the  price  was  +IBw-almost 
triple  the  amount 
it  may  have  actually 
needed to pay+IB0- based on the local market.683 

46

WASTEBOOK 2014$4.6 million52+AAw-NASA Goes to 
Comic-Con, 
Explores the 
Marvel Universe

With  its  manned  space  program  grounded, 
NASA boldly voyaged  to an extraterrestrial world 
of another kind this year+IBQ- the Marvel Universe. 
Comic-Con 
at 
appearances 
With 
International in San Diego, California and a Marvel 
Comic+IBk-s exhibit in New York+IBk-s Time Square, NASA 
launched missions  into  the worlds  of  science  fic-
tion and comic book superheroes. 
Marvel+IBk-s  Avengers  S.T.A.T.I.O.N.  (Scientific 
Training  and  Tactical 
Intelligence  Operative 
Network) at the Discovery Center in Times Square 
brings  +IBw-to  life  the  science  behind  Marvel  Super 
Heroes+IB0-  and  explores  +IBw-the  history  and  scientific 
origins  of  Marvel+IBk-s  The  Avengers,  including  Iron 
Man,  The  Hulk,  Captain  America,  Thor,  and  oth-
ers.+IB0-693 The  exhibit opened May 30,  2014  and will 
run through January 5, 2015. Tickets prices are $27 
for adults and $19.50 for children.694 
Avengers  S.T.A.T.I.O.N.  includes  +IBw-authentic 
props  from  the Marvel movies +IBQ-  including Thor+IBk-s 
hammer,  Captain  America+IBk-s  star-spangled  shield 
and Black Widow+IBk-s  form-fitting costume,+IB0- as well 
as  +IBw-a  life-sized,  three-dimensional  hologram  of 
the Hulk, who punches the wall making the whole 
building  shake.+IB0-695  And  +IBw-visitors  will  map  out  the 
stars to find Asgard,+IB0- Thor+IBk-s fictional world.696 
NASA  provided  content  to  +IBw-enhance  the 
authenticity  of  the  experience  and  pique  visitors+IBk- 
interest in real-world science and technology. The 
exhibit+IBk-s  NASA-supplied  material  --  written  con-
tent, images and videos -- focuses on topics such 
as  the  electromagnetic  spectrum,  black  holes  as 
powerful  energy  sources,  and  aerospace  mate-
rials  used  in  creating  Iron  Man+IBk-s  armor.  Deeper 
connections to NASA content are planned for the 
exhibit+IBk-s  online  companion  website.  NASA+IBk-s  Eyes 
on Exoplanets  interactive  is  featured prominently 
in the S.T.A.T.I.O.N. exhibit, helping to place other-
worldly content related to The Avengers+IBk- Thor into 
the  context  of  real  exoplanets  +IBM-  planets  beyond 
our solar system -- that NASA is studying.+IB0-697 
+IBw-The  thrill  of  exploring  other  worlds  is  not 
limited  to  the  silver  screen,  and  we+IBk-re  pleased  to 
help bring some real NASA excitement to the proj-
ect,+IB0-  said  NASA+IBk-s  liaison  for  film  and  TV  collabo-
rations.698 
This is not NASA+IBk-s first voyage into the Marvel 

The Associate Administrator for the Science Mission Directorate at NASA Headquarters explores the Marvel Universe at the 
Opening Night of the Avengers S.T.A.T.I.O.N. Exhibition in New York City+IBk-s Times Square on May 29, 2014.713 

universe.  NASA  also  helped  out  with  the  2012 
Avengers movie,699 which  raised over $2 billion  in 
ticket  and  home  movie  sales.700  By  comparison, 
the  total budget  for NASA+IBk-s Mars Mission  in 2014 
added up to $3.1 billion. 
So why  is NASA participating  in  the promo-
tion  of  a  movie  that  brought  in  enough  revenue 
to  rival  the  annual  budget  of  its  premier manned 
space mission of the future? 
+IBw-The  thrill of exploring other worlds  is not  lim-
ited  to  the  silver  screen,  and  we+IBk-re  pleased  to  help 
bring  some  real  NASA  excitement  to  the  project,+IB0- 
explained Bert Ulrich, liaison for film and TV collabo-
rations at NASA Headquarters in Washington, D.C. 701 
Another  reason  may  be  because  NASA 
was  one  of  the  agencies  that  fared  well  in  the 
budget  deal  approved  by  Congress  this  year. 
Sequestration was set to trim the agency+IBk-s budget 
from $16.9 billion to +IBw-as little as $16 billion,+IB0- but in-
stead NASA got a boost to $17.65 billion.702 
The extra money in the budget may also ex-
plain why  NASA+IBQ-which  a  year  ago was warning 
+IBw-its  goals  of  future  space  travel  may  be  put  on 
hold+IB0- by budget concerns703+IBQ-sent a manned mis-
sion to Comic-Con, which is an annual comic book 
convention  +IBw-dedicated  to  creating  awareness  of, 
and  appreciation  for,  comics  and  related  popular 
artforms,+IB0- and celebrating +IBw-the historic and ongo-
ing contribution of comics to art and culture.+IB0-704 
While  Comic-Con  typically  features  comic 
book  artists,  illustrators, writers,  and  authors,  this 
year  the  convention  hosted  NASA  scientists  and 
astronauts. The panel entitled +IBw-NASA+IBk-s Next Giant 
Leap,+IB0-  was  moderated  by  actor  Seth  Green,  and 
included  legendary  astronaut  Buzz  Aldrin,  NASA 
Planetary  Science  Division  Director  Jim  Green, 
NASA  astronaut  Mike  Fincke,  and  Jet  Propulsion 
Laboratory  systems  engineer  Bobak  Ferdowsi.705 
The group discussed the Orion spacecraft and the 
Space  Launch  System  rocket,  which  the  agency 
hopes will return Americans to space sometime in 
the next decade.706 

While  this  +IBw-marks  the  first  time  that  NASA 
has  officially  participated  in  Comic-Con,+IB0-707  the 
space agency has been star struck with pop cul-
ture  for  some  time.  +IBw-NASA  also  takes  an  active 
role  in  generating  science-based  fiction.  They 
frequently  partner  with  entertainment  producers 
to help bring authenticity and accuracy to movies 
and television.+IB0-708 
NASA  points  to  comic  books  readers+IBk-  lack 
of  exposure  to  reality  to  justify  its  attendance  at 
Comic Con. +IBw-Participation in these types of events 
not only reaches audiences who are not normally 
exposed to the realities of America+IBk-s space explo-
ration  initiatives  but  directly  meets  the  mandate 
outlined  in  the  National  Aeronautics  and  Space 
Act of 1958 (P.L. 85-568) to +IBw-+ICY-provide for the wid-
est  practicable  and  appropriate  dissemination  of 
information  concerning  its  activities  and  the  re-
sults thereof,+IB0- according to a NASA official.709 
+IBw-To support this event, six NASA employees 
and  three  NASA  contractor  employees  were  in 
attendance  and  the  total  travel  expenses  for  the 
nine  participants  amounted  to  $9,554.  All  NASA 
employees  were  participating  at  the  conference 
on  official  business  within  a  public  outreach  ca-
pacity similar to NASA+IBk-s public outreach participa-
tion at  school and museum events,+IB0- according  to 
NASA.710 
NASA  issued  guidance  earlier  in  the  year  to 
contractors  that  attendance  at  domestic  con-
ferences  for  +IBw-the  remainder  of  FY  14  (through 
9/30/2014)+IB0-  was  limited  to  meetings  +IBw-essential 
and/or  necessary+IB0-  and  +IBw-there  are  no  alternative 
methods of participating.+IB0-711 Clearly, NASA did not 
apply these standards to its own staff and proba-
bly won+IBk-t be next year either. Jim Green said +IBw-We+IBk-d 
love to come back+IB0- to Comic Con.712 
Perhaps,  NASA  should  be  more  focused 
on  returning  astronauts  to  exploration  in  the  real 
universe  rather  than  the  imaginary  worlds  of  the 
Marvel Universe and Comic Con. 

47

WASTEBOOK 2014At least $10,00053+AAw-Army Corps Buildings in Afghanistan 
Keep Burning to the Ground

The  Army  Corps  of  Engineers  spent  mil-
lions  of  dollars  on  fire-prone  buildings  caused 
by  shoddy  contractors,  despite  government 
watchdogs  reports  showing  that  these  proj-
ects  were  dangerous  and  not  in  compliance 
with international building standards.
In 2012, the Special Inspector General for 
Afghanistan  Reconstruction  (SIGAR),  uncov-
ered  that  three  buildings  constructed  by  the 
Army  Corps  for  the  Afghans  caught  fire.714 
The Army Corps found that two of the fires re-
sulted  in  a  total  of  $788,000  in  damages,  and 
were  caused  by  foam  installation  and  thermal 
barrier  systems  installed  by  contractors  that 
did  not  comply  with  International  Building 

Code standards.715 
in  various 
There  were  1002  buildings 
stages  of  construction  in  Afghanistan  in  2013, 
with  704  in  various  stages  using  the  fire  haz-
ard-causing  foam  and  thermal  barriers,  and 
298  that  had  nothing.716  Instead  of  fixing  the 
fire risk problem, the Army Corps decided that 
to have  its contractors keep using  the hazard-
ous materials that had already been approved, 
and advised  the  local personnel  to only put up 
fire  safety  cards,  and  implement  a  +IBw-fire-watch 
during rest hours.+IB0-717 
Despite  assuring  government  watchdogs 
that  the  problem  was  fixed,  Army  Corps  offi-
cials  decided  to  continue  turning  hazardous 

buildings over to Afghan interests.719 According 
to  a  senior  Army  Corps  official,  turning  the 
buildings  over  was  fine  because,  +IBw-the  typical 
occupant  populations  for  these  facilities  are 
young,  fit  Afghan  soldiers  and  recruits  who 
have  the  physical  ability  to  make  a  hasty  re-
treat  during  a  developing  situation.+IB0-720  In  oth-
er  words,  although  they  might  be  tired  after 
a  long  day  fighting,  Afghan  soldiers  are  fit 
enough  to  escape  the  burning  buildings  we 
provided them. 721 
This  was  also  not  the  first  time  the  Army 
Corps  was  cited  for  overseeing  the  construc-
tion  of  major  fire  hazards:  in  2013,  the  same 
problem  was  found  in  a  school  in  Afghanistan 
paid  for  by  the  Army  Corps  that  was  found 
to  expose  students  and  teachers  to  potential 
electrocution, fire hazards, and poisoning from 
a well placed too close to the sewer system.722 
Although  only  $21.3  million  was  added 
to  contracts  for  these  facilities  during  2014, 
SIGAR  noted  the  total  cost  of  the  program, 
which was started in 2010, at $1.57 billion.723 

Flame retardent fills warehouse718

Army Corps building burns in Afghanistan

48

WASTEBOOK 2014$21.3 million54+AAw-Airport Tree-Trimming Project Turns 
into 27-Hole Golf Course Renovation

With  a  serendipitous  change  of  heart 
from  the  Federal  Aviation  Administration 
(FAA),  a  city  golf  course  was  able  to  turn  a 
slight  fencing  realignment  at  an  adjacent 
airport  into  a  $5  million  renovation  of  a  27-
hole  course  +IBM-  compliments  of  the  American 
taxpayers. 
In December  2010,  Sioux  Falls  Regional 
Airport  Authority  determined  that  the  Sioux 
Falls Regional Airport needed  to  remove ob-
jects from the Runway Safety Area (RSA) and 
the Object Free Area  (OFA)  in order  to com-
ply with  FAA  safety  regulations.  This  project 
included  relocating  the  perimeter  road  and 
fencing  that  abuts  the  adjacent  Elmwood 
Golf  Course  about  150-250  feet,  impacting 
the  two  golf  holes  nearest  to  the  airport. 
Due  to  the  location  of  the  new  fence  line, 
one hole would have to be straightened, +IBw-re-
ducing its +IBg-dogleg+IBk- characteristic.+IB0-724 Another 
hole  would  have  to  relocate  the  tee  boxes, 
shortening  it  from  a  par-f ive  to  a  par-four. 
With  the  fortunate  reversal  of  an  FAA  deci-
sion  and  some  persuading  by  a  golf  course 
architect,  these  modest  impacts  of  two  golf 
holes  would  eventually  transform  into  a  full 
scale 27-hole renovation. 
In  2011,  a  golf  course  architect  hired 
by  the  city  to  examine  the  impact  the  fence 
realignment  would  have  on  the  golf  course 

issued  an  analysis  that  justif ied  the  need  to 
realign  several  more  holes  and  relocate  the 
6-hole  junior  golf  course  to  another  area 
at  a  cost  estimate  of  between  $900  thou-
sand  and  $1.73  million.725  According  to  the 
architect +IBk-s  analysis,  the  additional  taxpayer 
funded  course  modif ications  were  needed 
to  prevent  the  course  from  changing  from  a 
par  72  to  a  par  71  and  to  increase  the  land-
ing  area  of  one  hole  because  +IBw-most  people 
are  right  handed  and  tend  to  slice  the  ball 
(to  the  right).+IB0-726  Because  Elmwood  Golf 
Club  is  a  city-owned  course,  it  is  protect-
ed  under  Section  4(f )  of  the  Department  of 
Transportation Act of 1966, and up to 90 per-
cent  of  the  costs  to  the  golf  course  related 
to the airport safety project are reimbursable 
by the FAA.727 
Perhaps  recognizing  the  lucrative  4(f ) 
reimbursement  provision, 
the  city  con-
ducted  a  survey  in  2011  to  identify  trees 
on  the  Elmwood  Golf  Course  that  could  be 
intruding  into  the  airport +IBk-s  airspace  in  vio-
lation  of  federal  regulations.  In  September 
2012 ,  the  city  submitted  the  tree  survey  to 
FAA  for  an  Obstruction  Evaluation/Airport 
Airspace  analysis.  The  FAA  circulated  its 
f indings  for  public  comment  on  November 
28th  and,  af ter  receiving  no  comments,  is-
sued  a  +IBw-Determination  of  No  Hazard  to  Air 

Workers build a new sand bunker to ensure safety of air space734 

Navigation+IB0-  notice  on  January  18th,  2013.728 
According to the analysis of 135 trees on the 
Elmwood  Golf  Course,  FAA  only  identif ied 
two  trees  that  they  recommended  be  re-
moved or topped, but stated that a notice to 
airmen  and  safety  lights  would  suf f ice.  The 
FAA  analysis  concluded  that  +IBw-the  existing 
tree  line  would  not  have  a  substantial  ad-
verse ef fect on  the safe and ef f icient utiliza-
tion  of  the  navigable  airspace  by  aircraf t  or 
on  any  air  navigation  facility  and  would  not 
be a hazard to air navigation.+IB0-729 
On  January  31st,  2013,  not  even  two 
weeks  af ter  the  FAA+IBk-s  +IBw-Determination  of 
No  Hazard  to  Air  Navigation+IB0-  report  was  re-
leased,  the  FAA  issued  a  one-page  Letter  of 
Correction  stating  that  multiple  trees  pene-
trate  the  runway +IBk-s  airspace,  and  that  a  plan 
to  mitigate  the  penetrations  should  be  sub-
mitted  by  August,  2013.730  This  reversal  of 
the FAA+IBk-s original decision, based on a single 
one-day  inspection, would have  tremendous 
ramif ications  on  the  golf  course+IBk-s  renova-
tion  plans  +IBM-  and  the  cost  implications  to  the 
American  taxpayers  backing  the  golf  course 
overhaul. 
On February 21st, 2013, only three weeks 
af ter  the  reversal,  the  golf  course  architect 
that  the  city  hired  in  2011  released  a  new, 
comprehensive  $5  million  proposal  to  reno-
vate the entire 27 hole golf course along with 
constructing a new 6 hole  junior course. The 
justif ication  for  the  change  from  the  original 
$900,000  renovation  to  a  full  scale,  three 
year  renovation  project  was  due  to  the  fact 
that +IBw-the results of the tree survey in 2011 far 
exceeded  what  anyone  had  anticipated.+IB0-731 
The  tree  line  that  the  FAA  determined  was 
not  a  safety  hazard  but  was  quickly  over-
turned  not  even  two  weeks  later  was  the 
basis  for  a  $5  million  taxpayer  backed  full 
scale  course  makeover.  These  suspiciously 
short  timelines suggest  the  renovation plans 
may have already been completed under the 
assumption  that  the  trees  would  need  to  be 
removed. 
Even with the questionable set of events 
that  led  to  the  need  for  the  trees  to  be  re-

49

WASTEBOOK 2014$5 million55+AAw-moved to meet FAA safety standards, only 14 
of  the  27  regulation  holes  needed  to  be  re-
designed due the impacts of the tree remov-
al  and  fence  adjustment.  However,  the  golf 
course  architect +IBk-s  proposal  argued  that  the 
remaining  13  golf  holes  should  be  renovated 
to  provide  the  golf  course  with  consistent 
playing conditions and character. 
[T ]he  required  reconstruction  of  such 
a  large  percentage  of  holes  raises  concern 
about the resulting mix of new and old holes. 
Visually,  the  individual  holes  will  appear  dif-
ferent because of  the  loss of  trees. More  im-
portantly,  the  new  holes  will  play  dif ferently 

as a  result of dif ferent  turf conditions, drain-
age conditions, irrigation coverage, soil com-
paction  and  soil  mixes.  Most  obvious  to  the 
golfer will be the dif ference in the way which 
the golf ball will react on the greens.732 
Thus, what began as a  two hole change 
transformed into a 27 hole project. The three 
year  golf  course  renovation  is  taking  place 
in  three  phases  of  nine  holes  each,  so  that 
at  least  18  holes  will  be  playable  during  the 
entire  project.  The  f irst  phase  was  recently 
completed  and  the  golf  course  is  expect-
ed  to  complete  phase  two  of  the  project 
next  summer.  The  president  of  Dakota  Golf 

Management  lauded  the  benef it  the  taxpay-
er funded renovation will have on the course, 
stating  +IBw-golf  courses,  you  know,  they  have 
life spans and this is going to regenerate and 
rejuvenate Elmwood well into the future.+IB0-733 
In  a  possibly 
incriminating  admission 
of  how  this  project  came  to  fruition,  the 
President  of  Dakota  Golf  Management,  Inc. 
said  that  +IBw-obviously  we  wouldn+IBk-t  be  doing  it 
if we  didn+IBk-t  think  it +IBk-s  going  to  be  a  significant 
improvement.+IB0-735  Perhaps,  the  driving  force 
behind the renovation and the opportune FAA 
reversal was not about air safety after all. 

The project started with an airport fence relocation, which impacted two holes on the adjacent golf course

Suspicious Timing 

+ICI-  September 2012: 
City submits tree study for 
Obstruction Evaluation/
Airport Airspace analysis 
+ICI-  January 18th, 2013: 
FAA issues +IBw-Determination 
of No Hazard to Air 
Navigation+IB0- for Elmwood 
tree study 

+ICI-  January 31st, 2013: 
FAA reverses the decision 
with one-page Letter of 
Correction 
+ICI-  February 21st, 2013:  
Golf Course architect 
releases $5 million 
full course renovation 
proposal using required 
tree removal as key 

50

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-Earmark-Funded High-Speed 
Ferry Sinks Alaska Community

An  +IBw-experimental+IB0-  high  speed  federal-
funded  ferry,  which  was  supposed  to  turn  a 
+IBw-2  +AL0-  hour  drive  into  a  15-minute  trip+IB0-736  has 
turned into a titanic sinkhole for taxpayers and 
one Alaskan community. 
The  Mat-Su  borough,  where  Port 
MacKenzie  and  the  ferry  is  currently  located, 
inherited  the  $78  million  ferry  when  the 
community  pledged  +IBw-to  use  it  for  ferry  runs 
between Anchorage and Port MacKenzie.+IB0-737 
The  ferry  has  +IBw-been  lauded  for  its  sleek 
look  and  powerful  capabilities,  but  criticized 
as 
less-than-desirable 
for 
transporting 
Alaskans.+IB0-738 
+IBw-It+IBk-s a unique boat and  its one-of-a-kind,+IB0- 
said one local Mat-Su official, +IBw-but when you+IBk-re 
putting  it  (into)  operation  that+IBk-s  where  we+IBk-re 
getting the biggest concern: It+IBk-s so unique; how 
do we make it work?+IB0-739 That concern became 
a  reality  when  the  project  was  mothballed 
when  +IBw-work  on  an Anchorage  landing  (for  the 
ferry) fizzled.+IB0-740 
In  August,  the  federal  government  had 

asked  the  borough  to  pay  back  $12.3  million 
that  has  been  spent  to  get  the  ferry  line 
operational. In total, the Federal Transportation 
Administration  had  allocated  $21.2  million  for 
this  purpose.741  Monthly  costs  have  been  in 
the  +IBw-several  hundred  thousand  per  month,+IB0- 
which 
insurance  and 
includes  dock  fees, 
general  upkeep.  Money  owed  to  the  federal 
government  also  includes  $3.6 million  used  to 
build a ferry terminal in Port MacKenzie.742 
The  ferry  has  become  so  much  trouble 
that  Mat-Su  officials  sent  a  letter  last  year  to 
the  national  Passenger  Vessel  Association 
attempting to offload the controversial ferry to 
another government entity +IBw-free of charge.+IB0-743 
The  borough  has  also  tried  to  sell  it 
privately. Over  the  years  there  has  been many 
prospective buyers  for  the  ferry. Most  recently 
the Philippine Navy has been most interested.744 
The actual  ferry project was  funded by at 
least  $70  million  in  federal  earmarks  between 
2002-2007.  At  the  time,  the  Office  of  Naval 
Research has stated that it never requested the 

The Selling of an Airport 
to Nowhere

An  airfield  in  upper  New  York  state  that 
sees  more  deer  than  planes  is  for  sale.749  But, 
despite paying for the land, runaway and other 
amenities,  federal  taxpayers  are  not  likely  to 
recoup  any  of  these  costs  when  the  property 
is sold. 
the  Syracuse 
Between  2004-2009, 
Suburban Airport received five grants from the 
Federal  Aviation  Administration  (FAA)  totaling 
$2,973,621 +IBw-to be used for planning and devel-
opment+IB0-  at  the  proposed  airport.750  The  pur-
pose of the spending was to provide the region 

a reliever airport, but was found to have, +IBw-little, 
if any, measurable economic benefit to air traf-
fic this area serves and could potentially cause 
economic damage to other local airports.+IB0-751 
In  fact,  when  first  proposed,  there  was 
concern  that  the  proposed  airport  would  du-
plicate  services  of  other  regional  airports. 
Hancock  International  Airport  is  just  11  miles 
away and running well under capacity.752 
Now the airport is an overgrown field that 
was  abandoned  several  years  ago  when,  +IBw-the 
owner got  into a dispute with the town,+IB0- partly 

funds.745  $12  million  in  federal  transportation 
funds  were  used  +IBw-for  extra  design  work  and 
outfitting to make the twin-hulled military craft 
into a ferry.+IB0-746 
The  final cost  to  taxpayers  is significantly 
more  expensive  than  the  initial  cost  estimates 
of the ferry of about $30 million.747 
Some 
local  officials  have  raised  the 
concern  that  what  was  promised  for  a 
passenger  ferry  was  never  delivered.  Steve 
Colligan,  a  local  Mat-Su  Borough  assembly 
member  stated  +IBw-what  was  envisioned...is  not 
what  was  delivered  to  us.  It  was  a  research 
project  we  could  have  benefited  from.  But 
when  the Navy delivered a vessel half  the size 
and half the capacity, there+IBk-s not much we can 
do with that.+IB0- 748 

because the nearby communities +IBw-did not want 
a large airport.+IB0-753 
David  Pizio,  one  of  the  former  owners  of 
the  airport,  is  awaiting  federal  sentencing  for 
bank fraud related to the misuse of $2.9 million 
in  federal grant  funds. Pizio  is scheduled  to be 
sentenced  in  December  2014,  and  could  face 
up  to  the  +IBw-statutory  maximum  of  30  years.+IB0-754 
Before  securing  millions  in  federal  aviation 
funding,  Pizio+IBk-s  previous  experience  was  as  a 
manager of a local comedy club.755 
Local  officials  have  been  authorized  by 
the county  to attempt  to auction off  the prop-
erties  to  collect  property  taxes  connected  to 
the airport.756 
Thus  far  the  FAA  has  not  place  a  lien  on 
the  property,  so  the  local  county  will  be  the 
only benefit from the revenue of the sale, while 
the  federal  government  loses  millions  to  this 
ill-conceived project. 

51

WASTEBOOK 2014$12.3 million$1.2 million+-5657+AAw-NASA Study Predicts the 
Collapse of Human Civilization

When  the  results of a provocative scien-
tific  research paper  study hit  the newsstands 
this  past  spring,  a  media  firestorm  erupted 
over  a  mathematician+IBk-s  claim  that  human 
civilization  may  be  on  the  verge  of  collapse. 
The study, officially titled +IBw-Human and Nature 
Dynamics 
Inequality 
(HANDY):  Modeling 
and  Use  of  Resources  in  the  Collapse  or 
Sustainability  of  Societies,+IB0-  (hereinafter  re-
ferred  to  as  +IBw-the  HANDY  study+IB0-)  was  au-
thored  by University  of Maryland  researchers 
Safa  Motesharrei  and  Eugenia  Kalnay  and 
University  of  Minnesota  contributor  Jorge 
Rivas. 757 
The  paper  posits  the  collapse  of  a  mod-
ern  and  advanced  civilization  +IBM-  such  as  our 
own +IBM- may be more prevalent  that one might 
think.  Specifically,  it  contends  that  historical 
data  reveals  the  interchange  of  two  social 
factors  +IBM-  the  exploitation  of  resources  and 
the  unequal  distribution  of  wealth  +IBM-  have  of-
ten  led  to  civilizational  collapse.  758  As  these 
factors  become  more  prominent  in  present 
day  society,  a  global  collapse  of  the world  as 
we know it +IBw-is not inevitable,+IB0- according to the 

study. 759 
A  grant  from  NASA  financed  the  ques-
tionable  study,  fueling  many  to  express  res-
ervations  regarding  how  NASA  distributes 
its  taxpayer-funded  grant  money.  The  study 
was funded in-part by a five-year cooperative 
agreement  between  NASA+IBk-s  Goddard  Space 
Flight  Center  and  the  University  of  Maryland 
Earth System Science Interdisciplinary Center 
(EESIC).760  The  study  examined  +IBw-the  impacts 
of  Earth+IBk-s  connected  systems  on  global  and 
regional  environment,  weather  and  climate  . 
.  .  after  a  thorough  technical  review  and  de-
termination  of  the  high  scientific merit  of  the 
areas of research proposed.+IB0- 761 
According to the NASA procurement da-
tabase, the total five-year budget estimate for 
the grant  is $36,334,811.762 This money will be 
available to approved individual research proj-
ects through 2017.763 This amount was allocat-
ed to numerous research projects and studies, 
so it is unclear exactly how much of the money 
was used to fund the HANDY study. However, 
in a summary of the cooperative grant agree-
ment, NASA  said  the money used  to  fund  the 

HANDY study was +IBw-less than $30K.+IB0-764 
The  controversy  that  ensued  should 
not  have  been  surprising,  given  the  audacity 
of  the  claim  the  researchers  were  making. 
Warnings of global collapse are often seen as 
far-flung;  thus,  it  is  interesting  NASA  was  in-
volved in funding such a radical study. 
The  debate  following  the  study+IBk-s  release 
was  heated  enough  that  NASA  felt  the  need 
to  issue  a  public  statement  in  an  attempt  to 
distance  the  federal  agency  from  it.765  NASA 
stated  the  paper  suggesting  that  social  in-
equality  and  unsustainability  could  prompt 
the  downfall  of  modern  human  civilization 
+IBw-was  not  solicited,  directed  or  reviewed  by 
NASA.  It  is  an  independent  study  by  the  uni-
versity  researchers  utilizing  research  tools 
developed  for  a  separate  NASA  activity.  As 
is the case with all  independent research, the 
views and conclusions  in  the paper are  those 
of the authors alone. NASA does not endorse 
the paper or its conclusions.+IB0-766 
Although NASA distanced  itself from the 
paper +IBk-s  findings,  the  scientific  space  agency 
must  do  more  to  ensure  its  grant  programs 
that  are  based  in  science  fact  instead  of  sci-
ence  fiction.  Given  that  the  HANDY  study 
was  labeled  a  +IBw-thought  experiment+IB0-  with 
admittedly  +IBw-largely  theoretical+IB0-  contentions, 
NASA+IBk-s  money  could  have  likely  been  better 
spent elsewhere+IBQ-or not spent at all.767 

Facebook for Fossil Enthusiasts

They may as well call it Fossil Facebook. A 
team of University of Florida (UF) researchers 
this  year  won  a  $1.97  million  grant  from  the 
National  Science  Foundation  (NSF)  to  create 
a  new  communication  network  for  fossil 
enthusiasts and professionals.768 
Fossil  clubs  exist  nationwide  but  are 
stuck  in  the  Stone  Age  in  how  they  interact 
with  one  another,  according  to  the  grantees. 
They  typically  +IBw-function  independently  and 
do  not  communicate  with  each  other  or 
professionals  as  most  science-hobbyist 
groups  do.+IB0-769  The  project  goal  is  to  create 

a  +IBw-web-based  education  community  that 
connects  people  with  a  shared  interested 
in  paleontology+IB0-  where  users  will  be  able  to 
input  data  and  request  information  from  one 
other.770 
Ironically,  the  grantees  have  been  using 
Facebook to get the word out about their new 
project.771  As  of  September  2014,  the  page 
had  655  likes.772 Competition  for  followers  on 
social  media  may  be  as  fierce  as  dinosaurs. 
Similar clubs have already staked their claims 
on  Facebook,  including  +IBw-Fossils:  A  forum  to 
share  your  experiences  of  all  things  fossil+IB0-773 

and  the  +IBw-Fossil  Forum,+IB0-  which  credits  itself 
as  the  +IBw-largest  and  fastest  growing  online 
community  on  the  topic  of  paleontology with 
over  400,000  posted  messages  and  11,000 
registered members.+IB0-774 
The  data  collection  efforts  may  also 
duplicate  those  already  underway  with  NSF 
funding,  such  as  the  Paleobiology  Database 
for collecting fossil data. That project received 
a $693,931 grant in 2010.775 

52

WASTEBOOK 2014$30,000$1.97 million5859+AAw-Two Dozen Teachers Travel to Germany for 
Classes on Bach, Baroque Dancing Lessons

Lance  Eagen,  art  teacher  at  Churchill 
High  School  in  Oregon,  speaks  for  many 
teachers who  see music education  as  always 
the  first  to  go  when  budgets  are  tight. 
+IBw-Art  always,  always  falls  afterwards,+IB0-  he 
complained  after  learning  of  new  cuts  at  his 
school,  +IBw-It +IBk-s  always  scheduled  after  +IBg-the  real 
classes+IBk- are scheduled.+IB0-783 
He  might  be  surprised  to  learn,  then, 
that  there  was  enough  federal  money  lying 
around to send 25 teachers on an all-expense 
paid  trip  to  Germany  for  several  weeks  over 
the  summer  to  tour  Europe  and  learn  about 
Johann Sebastian Bach. 
It  was  made  possible  by  an  $180,000 
grant  from  the  National  Endowment  for 
the  Humanities  to  Moravian  College 
in 
Pennsylvania,  which  held  a 
four-week 
workshop 
+IBw-Johann 
in  Germany  called 
Sebastian  Bach:  Music  of  the  Baroque  and 
Enlightenment.+IB0-784  Teachers 
from  around 
the  U.S.  were  selected  to  participate,  which 
involved  traveling  to  cities  where  Bach  was 
born  and worked,  including  Eisenach,  Liepzig 
and Potsdam.785 The entire course lasted from 
July 6  through August  1,  and  each participant 
received a $3,300 stipend  to help cover  their 
living expenses, in addition to free airfare and 
housing.
The  2014  trip  was  the  fifth  time  the 
National  Endowment  for  the  Humanities 
funded  Moravian  College 
the 
to  host 
program.786

Once  in  Germany,  most  days  featured 
morning  lectures  from  Bach  historians,  but 
the  teachers  also  enjoyed  Baroque  dancing 
lessons,  which  Moravian  College  claimed 
were  absolutely  +IBw-essential  to  understanding 
much of Bach+IBk-s music.+IB0-787
While  its  purpose  was  to  prepare  K-12 
teachers  to 
incorporate  Bach 
into  their 
classroom curriculums, the teachers were also 
able to do their fair share of sightseeing.788
One 
the  group+IBk-s 
recorded 
teacher 
adventures  throughout  Europe  in  an  online 
diary,  noting  stops  in  Berlin,  Munich,  Paris, 
Prague, Warsaw  and Krakow.789 And  because 
the  trip  overlapped  with  the  World  Cup, 
the  group  was  eager  the  join  the  locals  in 
watching  as  many  games  as  they  could. 
During  Germany+IBk-s  match  against  Brazil,  the 
teacher  narrated,  +IBw-We  finally  found  [a  bar] 
that  was  great  +IBM-  big  screen,  lots  of  Germans 
who  loved  to  shout,  and  beer  (well  actually, 
the beer was not hard to find +ICY-).+IB0-790
The  group  was  sure  to  join  the  locals 
once more for the World Cup Final, which the 
teacher remarked, +IBw-integrates Germany+IBk-s two 
favorite  sports:  Soccer  and  Public  Drinking. 
(The 
is  rapidly  followed  by  public 
latter 
urination, but I won+IBk-t elaborate).+IB0-791
+IBw-It  is  just great  for  them.  It +IBk-s  rejuvenating 
for  them,+IB0-  said  Moravian+IBk-s  music  department 
chair  and  head  of  the  Bach  workshop,  +IBw-They 
get  together  with  other  teachers  and  it  is 
great for their professional development.+IB0-792

Teachers enjoy a little downtime between lessons on Bach. 

53

Gamers Tune In 
to Radio Show 
About Video 
Game Music

The  challenge  for  video  games  today 
is  +IBw-manufacturers  want  to  avoid  repetitive 
music+IB0-  776  like  the  +IBw-various bloops, bleeps,  and 
simplistic-yet-catchy  background  music+IB0-777 
in  titles  like  Frogger  and  Donkey  Kong.  One 
federally 
funded  podcast  wants  to  take 
listeners  beyond  these  computer  beeps  of 
yesteryear +IBk-s video games. 
+IBw-Top  Score+IB0-  is  a  podcast  on  Minnesota 
Public  Radio  that  +IBw-brings  music  nerds  and 
gamer nerds together,+IB0- according to one fan.778 
In each show, the host is featured interviewing 
+IBw-composers  about  their  experiences  writing 
for  video  games.+IB0-  779  The  mission  statement 
is  simple:  +IBw-Spreading  the 
love  for  game 
music,  one  episode  at  a  time.+IB0-780  Featured 
game  soundtracks  have 
those 
included 
from  blockbuster  first-person  shooters  like 
Assassin+IBk-s  Creed  and  Call  of  Duty:  Black  Ops 
as  well  as  those  known  by  tamer  crowds 
playing Angry Birds and Rayman. 
This year, the podcast received $47,000 in 
federal  funding  from  the  National  Endowment 
for  the  Arts.781  Episodes  generally  run  about 
4  minutes,  and  the  show  has  produced  about 
four hours of content so far this year.782 

WASTEBOOK 2014$180,000$47,0006061+AAw-Funding to Reduce 
Road Crashes Used 
to Restore Non-
Working Lighthouse

In 2012, there were more than 33,500 fatal-
ities resulting from crashes on U.S. roadways, ac-
cording to the U.S. Department of Transportation, 
representing  the  first  increase  after  a  six-year 
decline.  Federal  transportation  officials,  howev-
er,  used  a  portion  of  the money  set  aside  to  re-
duce crashes instead to restore a lighthouse that 
stopped working over 130 years ago. 
Cape  Henry  Lighthouse  was  awarded 
a  $160,000  grant  from  the  U.S.  Department 
of  Transportation  under  its  Moving  Ahead  for 
Progress  in  the 21st Century  (MAP-21) program. 
Far from being intended to restore old lighthous-
es,  though,  the  program  is  intended  to  +IBw-reduce 
crashes,  injuries  and  fatalities  involving  large 
trucks  and  buses,+IB0-  according  to  the  depart-
ment.793
Located at the entrance of the Chesapeake 
Bay  in  Virginia  Beach,  Virginia,  it  was  the  first 
lighthouse  funded  by Congress  in  1789,  and  it  is 
said  George  Washington  himself  helped  select 
its first keeper. The lighthouse operated for near-
ly 90 years until  it was deemed unsafe and a re-
placement was built 350  feet  away. The original 
was left standing, and today the two lighthouses 
remain. 
Cape  Henry  Lighthouse  today  is  privately 
owned  and  operated  by  Preservation  Virginia,  a 
non-profit organization that focuses on historical 
preservation. 
The 2014 grant, however, was the third giv-
en  to  the  lighthouse  restoration  project.  In  total, 
taxpayers  have  contributed  $515,000  in  federal 
transportation funding to restore the Cape Henry 
Lighthouse since 2002. 794
Costs for the project have increased steadi-
ly  through  the  years,  however.  Early  estimates 
expected  the  restoration  to  cost $200,000,  and 
would  be  shared  by  public  and  private  sources. 
A  second  grant  was  given  in  2011,  and  at  that 
time the total project cost was $444,000. Today, 
it is estimated that the total cost of restoring the 
lighthouse will be $644,000. 
According  to  the  Virginia  Department  of 
Motor Vehicles, however,  there were more  vehi-
cle crashes  in 2013  than  in  the  three years prior. 
During that period from 2010 to 2013, vehicle re-

54

+IBw-Gateway to Blues+IB0- Museum Funded 
Over Deteriorating Bridges

Department 
of 
The  Mississippi 
Transportation 
received  grant 
(MDOT) 
money to help build a +IBw-Gateway to the Blues+IB0- 
Museum  expected  to  open  late  this  year.794 
The  museum  is  expected  to  be  a  +IBw-must-see+IB0- 
attraction and will showcase the role the town 
in which the museum sits played in developing 
the genre.795 
It 
is  not  entirely  clear  what  will  be 
exhibited  in  the  museum.  Although  reported 
back  in  2011  that  the  museum  will  house  the 
collection from a nearby casino,796 the current 
description of what will be displayed is vague. 
All  we  know  is  that  the  museum  +IBw-will  tell  the 
remarkable story of how The Blues was born+IB0- 

and  there  no  longer  is  any  reference  to  what 
collection will be displayed.797 
In  a  time  when  the  aging  infrastructure 
is  a 
looming  national  concern,798 
the 
Department of Transportation (DOT) chose to 
allocate money to build a museum rather than 
repair  roads  and  bridges.  Mississippi,  in  fact, 
is  among  the  largest  in  the  nation  for  having 
a  substantial  percentage  of  bridges  deemed 
+IBw-structurally  deficient.+IB0-  There  are  2,274  such 
state-operated bridges.799 Perhaps Mississippi 
believes  the  decrepit  state  of  the  roads  will 
add  to  the charm of getting  to museum  to be 
built alongside the pictured visitor center. 

WASTEBOOK 2014$160,00062$200,00063+AAw-Study Shows How 
Buddhism Explains 
the Science of 
Meditation

+IBw-Get Fruved:+IB0- Social Media 
Campaign Featuring Students 
Dressed as Fruits and Vegetables

Further, 
the 
Fruved.com  website, 
which  is  supposed  to  be  the  initiative+IBk-s  main 
platform,  is  largely  undeveloped.  Other  than 
a background of  the project, none of  the  fruit 
and vegetable teams have tweeted or posted 
any updates on social media.
Other  than  some  kids  running  around 
dressed up  like bananas,  it remains a mystery 
how they are spending taxpayer dollars. 

Not  happy  with  its  current  budget,  the 
director  of  the  National  Institute  of  Health 
(NIH)  has  lamented  that  a  grant  application 
for  biomedical  research  now  has  less  than 
a  one  in  six  change  of  being  successful.+IB0-800 
The  director  argued  that  the  NIH+IBk-s  declining 
budget  +IBw-has  the  potential  to  inflict  profound, 
long-term 
damage 
to  U.S. 
scientific 
momentum  and morale.+IB0-801  But  while  the  NIH 
was blaming Congress  for  low morale  among 
U.S.  scientists,  it  was  overlooking  the  fact 
that  the  NIH  chose  to  deny  these  scientists 
funding  in  lieu  of  grants  for  studies  lacking  in 
scientific basis. 
Despite  concerns  about  the  availability 
of federal funding to study cures to the major 
diseases  of  the  21st  Century,  NIH  shelled 
out  a  total  of  $533,376802,  to  investigate  the 
effects  of  meditation  not  from  scientific 
analysis,  but  from  reading  Buddhist  texts.803 
804  Undermining  the  NIH+IBk-s  demands  for  more 
funding,  both  of  these  studies,  published  in 
January  2014,  have  concluded  that  Buddhist 
literature, not science, is key to understanding 
meditation  experiences.805  806  Taxpayers 
spent over half a million dollars  incorporating 
Buddhist 
literature 
to 
+IBw-scientifically+IB0- 
analyze  if  meditation  causes  sleepiness  or 
wakefulness807, as well as to explain if and why 
some people see lights while meditating.808 
For  the  U.S.  taxpayers  who  funded 
this  research,  as  well  as  the  five  out  of  six 
rejected  scientists  seeking  NIH  funding,  this 
unenlightened  spending  on  non-scientific 
research  definitely  does  not  provide  a 
moment of Zen. 

At  the University  of  Tennessee,  students 
are  dressing 
fruit  and 
favorite 
in  their 
vegetable  costumes  as  they  peruse  campus, 
telling  peers  and  others  in  earshot  to  +IBw-fruve 
themselves.+IB0-  This  is  not  Halloween,  but  a 
federal  funded  campaign  to  promote  healthy 
eating choices campaign.809 
Students  created  the  term  +IBw-fruved+IB0- 
to  describe  +IBw-the  process  of  eating  FRUits 
and  VEgetables.+IB0-810  The  campaign  is  to  be 
developed  by  a  collaboration  of  college 
students  from  different  states  to  +IBw-lead  a 
creative,  exciting,  and 
interactive  social 
marketing  campaign.+IB0-811  The  students  are 
divided  into  five  teams  +IBM-  amusingly  labeled 
Spinach, Carrot, Banana, Grapes, and Tomato 
+IBM- which are led by costumed mascots.812 
Instilling  healthy  habits  in  our  nation+IBk-s 
children 
is 
important.  The  government +IBk-s 
decision  to  take  the  initiative  to  promote 
sustainable lifestyles by eating well, exercising, 
and managing stress is commendable. 
However,  spending  close  to  $5  million 
dollars  to  a  program  without  any  clear 
guidelines  and  one  where  tangible  results 
are  not  the  best  way  to  achieve  these  goals. 
Negative  public  sentiments  towards  the 
+IBw-Get  Fruved+IB0-  campaign  are  not  surprising 
+IBM-  in  a  time  of  higher  insurance  premiums, 
pay  freezes  and  cuts,  and  other  government 
spending  reductions,  many  are  not  happy 
taxpayer  money  is  being  spent  to  craft  a 
campaign  that  +IBw-creepy+IB0-  fruit  and  vegetable 
costumes for college students.813 814 

55

WASTEBOOK 2014$533,37664$5 million65+AAw-USDA Holds Contest to Build Wooden Skyscraper

The  Big  Bad  Wolf  can  huff  and  puff  all 
he  wants,  but  he+IBk-ll  never  blow  this  wooden 
building down. So hopes the U.S. Department 
of  Agriculture  (USDA),  which  is  sponsoring 
a  contest  to  design  wooden  skyscrapers  +IBM- 
known as +IBw-plyscrapers+IB0- +IBM- in an effort to boost 
the timber industry. 
The administration will spend $2 million on 
a  campaign  to  convince  architects,  engineers 
and  developers  that  building  high-rises  with 
wood can be just as effective as steel.815 
The  first  million  will  go  to  WoodWorks, 
a  non-profit  funded  by  the  lumber  industry, 
while  the  second  million  will  fund  a  contest 
+IBw-to  demonstrate 
the  architectural  and 
commercial  viability  of  using  sustainable 
wood products in high-rise construction.+IB0-816 
While the USDA hopes spending millions 

will spur economic growth here at home, it may 
unintentionally  be  stimulating  the  European 
economy.  With  the  exception  of  SmartLam, 
a  manufacturer  of  cross-laminated  timber  in 
Montana,817  +IBw-there  are  no  U.S.  manufacturers 
of this type of super-strong timber, so it would 
have  to  be  imported  from  Europe,+IB0-  notes  one 
architectural publication.818 
But  as 
the  one  and  only  U.S. 
manufacturer  that  stands  to  benefit  from 
this  taxpayer  subsidy  for  timber,  SmartLam 
came out strong to support the new $2 million 
timber  investment.  Casey  Mahlmquist,  the 
company+IBk-s  general  manager,  participated  in 
a  White  House-sponsored  event  where  he 
declared,  +IBw-the  future  is  wood  and  the  future 
is  good.+IB0-819  Moreover,  it  might  be  a  long  time 
before  high-rise  wood  construction  projects 

become  a  staple  of  American  construction. 
Local  ordinances  and  city  codes  restrict 
construction  of  wooden  structures  to  no 
more  than  five  or  six  stories,  dampening 
opportunities for business.820 
Perhaps  the  stiffest  resistance  to  using 
wood  for  constructing  high-rise  buildings 
comes  from  the  engineers  and  developers 
within  the  industry.  However,  supporters  are 
hoping  that  taxpayer  funding  for  the  industry 
will help move the dial. 
+IBw-Architects  and  engineers  can  start 
out  as  skeptics,+IB0-  said  Pete  McCrone  of 
Innovative  Timber  Solutions,  another  would-
be  manufacturer,  adding,  +IBw-In  a  very  short 
space  of  time  they  get  it,  because  it +IBk-s  simple 
+IBQ-  its  large  panels  held  together  with  large 
screws.+IB0-821 

Social Security IT Project Wastes 
Hundreds of Millions

The  Social  Security  Administration+IBk-s 
(SSA)  project  to  update  their  system  for 
tracking  disability  claims  is  +IBw-two  years  from 
completion.+IB0-822  That +IBk-s  what  SSA  said  6  years 
ago  in  2008.823  What  is  their  update  on  the 
project? 
SSA+IBk-s  current  plan  in  2014  to  update 
their  system  is  still  two  to  two-and-a-half 
years  away  from  completion,  and  that +IBk-s  after 
spending almost $300 million.824 
The program was supposed to streamline 
and  track  various  disability  claims  while 
simultaneously 
lowering 
administrative 
costs  and  enhancing  quality.825  Instead,  it  is 
adding  to  the  nation+IBk-s  ever  increasing  debt 
and  plaguing  the  already  strained  disability 
program, set to run out of money in 2016. 
An  analysis  revealed  that  nearly  $300 
million  has  been  wasted  on  this  project  that 

is  permanently  being  tested  to  no  avail.  Each 
year  +IBw-for  the  past  five  years,  Release  1.0  is 
consistently  projected  to  be  24-32  months 
away.+IB0-826 Thus far, DCPS has produced +IBw-limited 
functionality,  and  faced  schedule  delays  as 
well  as  increasing  stakeholder  concerns.+IB0-827 
The  project  has  made  no  progress  and  is 
costing more and more each year to +IBw-fix.+IB0- 
According 
to 
the  House  Oversight 
and  Government  Reform  Committee,  the 
stagnation  may  be  attributed  to  a  failure  of 
leadership.828  There  is  no  single  person  in 
charge of the completion of the project and the 
resulting  +IBw-IT  Boondoggle+IB0-  has  cost  taxpayers 
$288  million  over  six  years  and  delivered 
nothing.829  SSA  officials  have  decided  to 
+IBw-reset+IB0-  the  project  in  order  to  complete  the 
initiative,  but  without  clear  direction  from  a 
single  leader  responsible  for  overseeing  the 

project  it  will  remain  +IBw-adrift,  [with]  the  scope 
of the project ambiguous.+IB0-830 
Today,  the  project  is  still  being  tested 
and  cannot  process  any  new  claims  or  track 
existing  ones.831  It  is  sure  to  cost  the  federal 
government  more  in  the  future  to  fix  the 
current  system  or  develop  a  new  one.  Every 
dollar  thrown  away  on  this  project  is  a  dollar 
that  could  have  been  spent  on  developing 
a  new  system  or  at  least  fixing  the  present 
one.832 
+IBw-Agency officials routinely testify that the 
agency  needs  more  funding  from  Congress,+IB0- 
after  already  wasting  $288  million  and  five 
years+IBk-  time  developing  a  system  that  doesn+IBk-t 
work  and  even  by  their  own  estimates  is  not 
projected  to work  for  at  least  another  two  to 
three years.833 

56

WASTEBOOK 2014$2 million$288 million6667+AAw-Feds Waste Millions 
Trying to Convince 
Afghans to Grow 
Soybeans They 
Won+IBk-t Eat

Corporate Welfare for 
Mega Farmers

Afghans don+IBk-t like soybeans or soy-based 
products.  What +IBk-s  more,  the  crop+IBk-s  growing 
cycle  and water  needs make  it  a  poor  choice 
for their country, as a British report concluded 
in 2008. 
None of that stopped the U.S. Department 
of  Agriculture  in  2009  from  committing  to  a 
years-long  effort  to  encourage  Afghans  to 
cultivate,  process  and  consume  the  crop. 
USDA staff who made the decision reportedly 
weren+IBk-t even aware of  the  research, and  they 
did  no  feasibility  study  of  their  own  before 
green-lighting the soy project. 834 
Five  years  and  $34  million  later,  the 
project was singled out as a flop by the Special 
Inspector General  for Afghan Reconstruction 
(SIGAR),  John  Sopko.  +IBw-I+IBk-m  concerned  about 
the  viability  of  the  project  and  the  apparent 
lack of analysis and planning performed prior 
to the project +IBk-s initiation,+IB0- Sopko wrote USDA 
Secretary Tom Vilsack in June.835 
Experts  in  Afghanistan  told  Sopko  there 
was  no  +IBw-significant  demand  for  soybean 
products+IB0-  there,  despite  five  years  of  USDA 
efforts.  Soy  crops  planted  by  farmers  under 
USDA direction and funding failed, and Afghan 
consumers  shunned  products  made  with  soy 
flour produced through the USDA program.836 
+IBw-What  is  troubling  about  this  particular 
project  is  that  it  appears  that  many  of  these 
problems  could  have  been  foreseen  and, 
therefore, possibly avoided,+IB0- Sopko wrote.837 
There were other problems too. Security 
concerns +IBM- including farmers who sometimes 
+IBw-responded  with  guns  in  hand+IB0-  when  project 
staff  tried  to  verify  seeds  had  been  received 
and planted +IBM- hampered the U.S. soy effort.838 

While  taxpayers  were  voicing  concern 
about  corporate  bailouts  for  Wall  Street 
bankers,  titans  of  industry  located  closer 
to  home  have  been  steadily 
receiving 
government  grants.  The  Department  of 
Agriculture  (USDA)  operates  two  programs 
designed  to  grow  agricultural  business  and 
stimulate  the  introduction  of  products  into 
markets.  Under  the  Value-Added  Producer 
Grants  program,  the  USDA  makes  money 
available  for  people  wishing  to  capitalize 
on  recent  food  trends  and  developing  new 
businesses.839  Specifically,  the  USDA  +IBw-help[s] 
agricultural producers enter into value-added 
activities,+IB0- which the program broadly defines 
as  anything  that  generates  new  products 
and  transforms  what  naturally  exists  (i.e. 
milk  to  yogurt,  pork  to  sausage),  or  is  simply 
marketed  or  sold  in  a  way  that  enhances 
its  value  (i.e.  free-range,  organic,  etc.).840 
Applicants  can  receive  money  either  for  a 
+IBw-planning grant,+IB0- which would fund a study to 
assess the viability of a proposed venture, or a 
+IBw-working  capital  grant,+IB0-  which  would  provide 
money  for  operating  costs  that  relate  to  the 
processing  or  marketing  of  the  value-added 
product.841 
Big  Agra  has  jumped  at  the  opportunity. 
Ocean  Spray,  one  of  the  largest  cranberry 
cooperatives  in  the  world  with  net  sales  at 
over  $1.6  billion  for  the  2013  fiscal  year,842 
received $200,000 to produce what it already 
does  so  well+IBQ-a  cranberry  beverage.843  Blue 
Diamond,  which  boasts  that  it  is  +IBw-the  world+IBk-s 
largest  almond  processing  and  marketing 

company,+IB0-844  also  received  $200,000  to 
introduce  a  product  into  the  international 
market  +IBw-to  ensure  [the]  venture+IBk-s  success+IB0-845 
although  it  failed  to mention  the help when  it 
wrote  that  the  cooperative  +IBw-build[s]  markets 
and  create[s]  new  products,  new  uses,  and 
new  opportunities  for  global  consumers.+IB0-846 
Sunsweet,  a  marketing  cooperative  that 
+IBw-boasts  enviable  brand  recognition  of  85 
percent in American households,+IB0- and leads by 
holding thirty percent of the worldwide prune 
market,847  also  received  the  same  amount  to 
pay  for  costs  of  processing  and  marketing  a 
prune  juice.  Each  of  these  cooperatives  has 
gotten  capital  injections  entirely  at  the  cost 
of taxpayers. 
The  USDA  continues  to  operate  another 
grant  program,  the  Market  Access  Program 
(MAP), which subsidizes the +IBw-costs of overseas 
marketing and promotional activities+IB0- for many 
more large businesses.848 We recently exposed 
this program that shifts the costs of advertising 
for  large  companies  and  trade  associations  to 
the  taxpayer,849  but  remarkably,  Congress  has 
turned a blind eye to this spending. Household 
names  like Sunkist and Welch Foods continue 
to receive in excess of $3 million this fiscal year 
alone  when  it  is  more  important  than  ever  to 
spend  responsibly.850 Moreover, Blue Diamond 
receives  an  additional  $4.7  million  in  taxpayer 
support  for  what  it  essentially  received  under 
the  Value-Added  Producer  Grants  program.851 
Congress  quickly  needs  to  end  taxpayer 
support for these profitable industry leaders. 

57

WASTEBOOK 2014$34 million68$8,536,05269+AAw-Snowmobile 
Race Part of NSF 
Zero Emissions 
Challenge

Snowmobiles are trying not to blow smoke 
with Uncle Sam+IBk-s dollars. 
Technological 
This 
year,  Michigan 
University  used  a  $45,900  grant  from  the 
National  Science  Foundation  (NSF)  to  support 
the  annual Clean Snowmobile Challenge.852  It+IBk-s 
an  annual  competition  hosted  by  the  school  to 
determine which college students can make the 
quietest, lowest emission snow mobile.853 

NSF  is  hardly  the  only  contributor  to  the 
event,  which  has  a  number  of  major  sponsors, 
including  the  Society  of Automotive  Engineers, 
SolidWorks, Coca-Cola, and Chrysler.854 
Funds  from  the  grant  were  used  to 
subsidize  travel  to  teams  participating  in  the 
+IBw-zero  emissions+IB0-  category,  which  NSF  boasted 
includes  +IBw-University  Teams  from  across  the US 
and  Canada.+IB0-855  In  this  category,  teams  build 

and race electric snowmobiles. 
During 
four 
this  year+IBk-s  competition 
teams  entered,  but  only  one  +IBw-was  able  to  pass 
inspection and get out on the snow.+IB0- 
+IBw-The internal combustion teams were more 
competitive  than  ever,+IB0-  noted  Jay  Meldrum, 
the  event+IBk-s  coordinator,  adding,  +IBw-There  were 
problems with the zero emissions sleds +ICY-+IB0-856 

Unwanted, Unneeded and 
Unused Ice House

A Louisiana community is wasting more than 
$1.2 million for an ice house that is unwanted, un-
needed, and probably will never be used. 
In  2011,  St.  Bernard  Parish  spent  $289,000 
of  HUD  Community  Development  Block  Grant 
(CDBG)  funds  to  purchase  the  Amigo  Ice  House 
property  with  the  intent  of  providing  ice  to  fish-
ermen.857  +IBw-A  subsequent  engineering  review  re-
vealed  some  bad  news:  the  previous  plan  to  re-
furbish the old icehouse and put it back into com-
merce  was  not  economically  feasible.858  A  new 
parish  president  elected  in  2011  also  questioned 
the need for the project because it would be +IBw-tak-
ing profits from businesses that already sell  ice to 
fishers.+IB0-859 
The parish found itself in a conundrum, either 
refund  the  federal  government  or  spend  another 
$965,000  of  federal  funds  to  complete  the  un-
wanted,  unnecessary,  and most  likely  unused  ice 
house project. 
Local  officials  opted  to  waste  more  money, 
which they tapped out of CDBG disaster recovery 
funds.860 
There  is no hiding the fact that the only rea-
son another $1 million is being spent on the project 
is to avoid having to repay the original amount. St. 
Bernard  Parish  officials  +IBw-freely  admit  they  don+IBk-t 
think  it+IBk-s  needed+IB0-  and  they  are  simply  spending 

a larger sum of federal money to get off the hook 
from repaying the original federal grant.861 
Parish President Dave Peralta says +IBw-the par-
ish+IBk-s  hands  are  tied  because  if  it  doesn+IBk-t  move 
forward  the  parish  would  have  to  repay  nearly 
$300,000,  +IBg-which  we  don+IBk-t  have,+IB0-  to  the  federal 
government.+IB0-862  Peralta  conceded  the  amount  is 
+IBw-an exorbitant price for that thing.+IB0-863 
+IBw-Basically,  we  were  too  far  into  it  to  turn 
around,+IB0-  admits  Councilman  Monty  Montelongo, 
noting +IBw-I don+IBk-t think we will ever need it. I can see 
much better uses for that money.+IB0-864 
+IBw-We+IBk-re about $1 million  into  it and  right now 
all  we  have  is  a  vacant  piece  of  land  with  an  old 
battered  icehouse  sitting  on  it+IB0-  lamented  parish 
Chief Administrative Officer Jerry Graves.865 Soon 
that +IBw-crumbling eyesore+IB0-866 will be replaced with a 
new 30+IBk-x60+IBk- building that will have just as little use 
as the current structure.867 
The ice house is unnecessary because there 
are +IBw-private ice operations that sell to fishers,+IB0- who 
don+IBk-t see a need for a government run  ice house. 
868 

+IBw-I  don+IBk-t  see  where  the  parish  should  have 
gotten into an icehouse. At all. It makes no sense,+IB0- 
said  shrimper  Nicky  Mones.  +IBw-It  was  a  bad  pur-
chase. Economically, it was a terrible purchase.+IB0-869 
+IBw-I guess it+IBk-s what you would call a catastroph-

58

ic  screw-up  on  the  parish+IBk-s  part,+IB0-  fisherman  F.J. 
Campo said. +IBw-We spent a lot of money and we got 
nothing for it. Nothing.+IB0-870 
The  parish  president,  who  was  recently  in-
dicted on charges unrelated to wasting tax payer 
dollars871,  says  +IBw-the  ice  house  will  be  strictly  for 
emergencies,+IB0-  such  as  +IBw-hurricane  recovery  sce-
narios when no other ice is available.+IB0-872 However, 
+IBw-based  on  recent  history,  that  would  mean  ice 
would  be  made  once  every  few  years.  And  it 
might  not  be  needed  even  during  a  hurricane. 
After Hurricane Isaac, which hit the area hard, the 
National Guard provided all the ice that was need-
ed,+IB0- noted a local newspaper urging +IBw-HUD and St. 
Bernard to put the project on ice.+IB0-873 
But instead of freezing spending on the proj-
ect, the parish is now wasting three times the orig-
inal amount to demolish the old ice house and the 
reconstruct a new ice house. 
Ground  was  broken  in  August874  and  con-
struction  +IBw-is  scheduled  for  completion  in April.+IB0-875 
The  facility  +IBw-will  be  equipped  a  +IBg-flaked-ice+IBk-  ma-
chine  capable  of  producing  25  tons  of  ice  dai-
ly+IB0-  and  +IBw-provide  storage  for  300,000  pounds  of 
flaked ice.+IB0-876 
The  icehouse  boondoggle  +IBw-wasn+IBk-t  the  par-
ish+IBk-s only misadventure  in  the  ice business.  +IBw-After 
Katrina, Shell Oil Company donated two industrial 
ice machines to the parish+IB0- which were +IBw-leased to 
two local seafood dock owners at no cost, but the 
machines were never hooked up and never used.+IB0- 
Both  were  destroyed  during  Hurricane  Isaac  in 
2012. +IBw-Isaac comes along and they wind up in the 
marsh  somewhere,+IB0-  Campo  said.  +IBw-They+IBk-re  gone, 
basically  gone.  Destroyed.  And  we  still  have  no 
ice.+IB0-877 

WASTEBOOK 2014$45,90070$965,00071+AAw-Prescription for Higher Medicare Bills

The  method  the  federal  government 
uses  to  place  some  low-income  Medicare 
beneficiaries in prescription drug plans causes 
both  taxpayers  and  patients  to  overpay  by  at 
least $5 billion annually.883 
Every year, HHS randomly assigns a Part 
D plan to some low-income subsidy recipients 
who  had  been  previously  been  enrolled 
in  the  program  but  did  not  indicate  a  plan 
preference.884  Even  though  HHS  bureaucrats 
have  a  mountain  of  data  they  could  use 
to  automatically  find  the  best-suited  plan 
for  each  beneficiary,  they  have  resorted  to 
random  assignment  for  years.  But  the  plans 
do  not  cover  drugs  equally  and  have  major 
variations  in  copays  and  requirements.  Some 
patients  end  up  paying  more  out-of-pocket 
for  their  drugs  if  the  newly  assigned  plan 
covers  less  of  the  cost  or  the  premiums  are 

higher.885 Because the government subsidizes 
most  of  this  beneficiaries+IBk-  care,  the Medicare 
program also picks up much of the slack when 
insurance copays and premiums go up.
Researchers  found  a  better  practice 
would  be  for  recipients  to  be  assigned  to 
plans  that  provide  better  coverage  based 
on  individual  prescription  patterns.886  Doing 
so  would  drop  copays  for  both  patients  and 
the  government  by  an  average  of  $738  per 
beneficiary.  Total  estimated  savings  could  be 
over $5 billion annually.887 Some of the savings 
would  go  to  the  beneficiaries  themselves, 
which is significant because many are already 
struggling to get by. 
Implementing  +IBw-intelligent  reassignment+IB0- 
itself  should  be 
fairly 
inexpensive, 
the 
researchers concluded.888

Taxpayers should teach Washington 
bureaucrats not to waste tax dollars 
on corny smartphone apps that no one 
is going to play by sending them to 
their room without dessert. 

Virtual Food Fight 
Smartphone Game

A  federally  funded  video  game  wants  to 
give parents the edge over their children who 
continue to wage war over veggies. The app+IBk-s 
main character -- a fussy eater named Kiddio 
-- will give mom and dad a chance to test out 
new negotiation styles. 
+IBw-Kiddio:  Food  Fight+IB0-  will  consist  of 
24  episodes  in  which  parents  will  select  a 
vegetable  to  offer  Kiddio  and  then  select 
a  tactic  for  influencing  Kiddio  to  eat  the 
veggie.878  Parents  can  also  tailor  Kiddio+IBk-s 
mood  so  it  mimics  that  of  the  parent +IBk-s  child. 
+IBw-Kiddio+IBk-s  responses  to  these  options  +IBM- 
whether  to  take  a  bit  or  say  something  like 
+IBg-Yuk!+IBk-  +IBM-  are  based  on  what  we+IBk-ve  learned  so 
far  about  kids+IBk-  reactions  to  these  parental 
tactics,+IB0- according to one of the creators.879 
The  hope  for  the  game 
is  +IBw-to  give 
[parents] a safe, low-risk, nonthreatening way 
to  sharpen  their  parenting  skills,+IB0-  according 
to  one  of  the  scientists  behind  +IBw-Kiddio:  Food 
Fight.+IB0-880 
The  developers  hope  to  turn  a  profit 
off  the  smartphone  video  game  by  selling  it 
on  app  stores.  +IBw-Though  over  300  parenting 
iPhone  and  iPad  apps  have  been  identified 
in  the  Apple  iTunes  App  Store,  none  train  in 
food  parenting  practices.  The  investigators 
believe  national  and  international  markets 
exist  for  mobile  video  games  that  both  train 
and  entertain,+IB0-  they  wrote  in  their  grant 
application  to  the  National 
Institutes  of 
Health.881 
For  now,  they+IBk-ll  continue  using  up  their 
grant  from  the  National  Institutes  of  Health, 
from  which  they  have  received  a  total  of 
$804,254 this year.882 Taxpayers should teach 
Washington  bureaucrats  not  to  waste  tax 
dollars on corny smartphone apps that no one 
is going to play by sending them to their room 
without dessert. 

59

WASTEBOOK 2014$804,25472$5 billion73+AAw-Boutique Hotel Offers Luxury Spa Services, 
Afternoon Tea, and Upscale Nightcaps

The  Department  of  Housing  and  Urban 
Development  (HUD)  is  providing  $1.4  million 
in  federal  assistance  to  the  town  of  Cary, 
North  Carolina,  to  finance  a  boutique  hotel 
intended  to  employ  lower  income  residents 
and pamper guests with luxury services.889
The  aid  for  the  Mayton  Inn  is  being 
provided  under  HUD+IBk-s  Section  108 
loan 
program. In a strange arrangement, if the loan 
is  not  repaid  by  the  hotel  owners,  taxpayers 
get  stuck  footing  the  bill.  The  HUD  loan 
would  be  +IBw-repaid+IB0-  with  HUD  Community 
Development  Block  Grants  (CDBG).  +IBw-The 
specific 
loan  received  by  Cary  typically 
goes  toward  projects  that  could  help  bolster 
impoverished areas. The Mayton  Inn qualified 
for  the  money  because+IB0-  the  owners  +IBw-plan 
to  create  40  jobs  targeted  toward  people 
from  low-  to  moderate-income  families.+IB0-890 
Additional support for the hotel is provided by 
the Small Business Administration loan.891 
+IBw-Even  though  the  building  will  be  new,  it 

will  be  designed  with  the  +IBg-20s  in  mind,+IB0-  what 
one  of  the  owners  +IBw-says  many  people  today 
think of as luxury.+IB0-892 
The  posh  hotel+IBk-s  amenities  will  include 
afternoon  tea  (+IBw-Choose  from  a  wide  variety 
of  gourmet  teas.+IB0-),  spa  services  (+IBw-you  can 
enjoy  delicious  teas  while  unwinding  in  your 
robe  before  a  fabulous  massage,  facial,  or 
reflexology,+IB0- and you can even +IBw-enjoy massage 
and  reflexology  services 
in  the  comfort 
of  your  room.+IB0-),  +IBw-evening  spirits+IB0-893  at  an 
+IBw-upscale cocktail bar +IB0-894 (+IBw-With your choice of 
nightcap  from  a  variety  of  top  shelf  spirits.+IB0-), 
an  +IBw-outdoor  pergola  for  cocktailing,+IB0-895  and 
+IBw-turndown  service+IB0-  (+IBw-Enjoy  a  complimentary 
aperitif  of  tawny  port  and  signature  hand-
made chocolate truffles.).896 
+IBw-The  project  is  part  of  Cary+IBk-s  urban 
renewal  program,  which 
is  designed  to 
encourage  growth  and  activity  in  the  heart 
of +IB0-  the  town.897 Regardless, a number of  local 
residents  oppose  the  effort  for  a  number  of 

reasons  including  doubts  the  hotel  would 
spur  economic  development, 
+IBw-concerns 
construction of the hotel might harm a nearby 
stream,+IB0-  and  concerns  +IBw-the  town  is  unfairly 
supporting  a  specific  business  interest+IB0-  and 
+IBw-entering  a  contract without  going  through  a 
bidding process.+IB0-898 
The  government  aid  is  giving  a  financial 
advantage to the owners of the Mayton Inn to 
compete  with  other  lodging  establishments 
already  operating  in  the  area.  At  least  ten 
hotels  are  within  ten  minutes  of  downtown 
Carry,  including  the  Umstead  Hotel  and  Spa, 
a Hyatt, a Best Western, and a Red Roof Inn.899 
Drive another five minutes and the number of 
lodging options  includes nearly 50 hotels and 
inns.900 
The Mayton Inn is expected to be opened 
to guests in summer 2015.901 

The Mayton Inn is receiving more than $1.4 million in federal assistance to create jobs for lower income residents and pamper guests with luxuries including spa services, afternoon tea, and 
swanky martini night caps. 

60

WASTEBOOK 2014$1.4 million74+AAw-Transportation Dollars Fund Media 
Campaign to Raise Austin Taxes

An  extensive,  and  expensive,  rail  project 
for  the  City  of  Austin,  Texas,  is  getting  some 
fiscal  assistance  from  Washington.  Project 
Connect,  the  program  management  group 
spearheading  transit  for  the  Central  Corridor 
Advisory  Group  in  central  Texas,  has  spent 
$157,000 on an ad campaign to prop up public 
support  to  approve  floating  a  billion  dollar 
bond to help pay for the rail line.902 
The catch? Approximately 80% of the ad 
campaign is being financed with federal grant 
money,  essentially  using  taxpayer  money 
to  encourage  taxpayers  to  pay  more  taxes. 
Critics  have  voiced  concerns  over  the  media 
campaign+IBk-s  funding  sources  and  questioned 
want  to  know  how  it  can  be  considered 
appropriate  when  +IBw-Taxpayers  are  paying 
money  to  the  federal  government,  which  is 
then  turning  around  and  lobbying  Austinites 
to  support  more  taxpayer  spending.+IB0-903  The 
advertisements  ended 
just  before  being 

laws 

subjected  to  provisions  on  election 
regarding ballot measures.904 
In  addition  to  questions  about  how 
public  funds  have  been  used  to  shape  public 
opinion,  Project  Connect  changed  the  line 
route, invalidating public comments collected 
regarding  the  original  plan.  The  change  in 
route  and  need  for  a  new  round  of  public 
comments  is  required  for  Project  Connect  to 
seek additional funds from the Federal Transit 
Administration to finance the rail line. 
Project  Connect  also  spent  time  and 
money canvassing Austin with flyers that local 
groups  claim  provide  misleading  propaganda 
regarding  the  actual  route  and  benefits  of 
the 
line.905  Instead,  they  claim,  the  fliers 
are  intended  to  gauge  locals  knowledge  of 
Project  Connect  and  encourage  people  to 
attend their open houses.906 
The  potential  bond  could  put  Austinites 
on the hook for over $500 million.907 

61

WASTEBOOK 2014$157,00075+AAw-NASA Loses Hundreds 
of Electronic Devices 
Each Month

Huge EPA Warehouse 
for Paper Reports 
Thwarts Recycling 
Efforts

Food Stamps Get 
Traded for Cash 
and Drugs, Go to 
People Who Hide 
Their Income

Houston, we have a problem+ICY-even in the 
midst  of  a  budget  crunch,  NASA  has  been 
issuing  smartphones,  tablets,  and  AirCards 
(which provide roaming access to the Internet 
from  mobile  computers)  without  keeping 
track  of  who  has  them  or  even  if  they  are 
being  used  at  all.  Both  federal  employees 
and contractors have received devices, under 
the guise of allowing  to  the  +IBw-access  [Agency] 
networks from anywhere at any time.+IB0-908 
Over  2,000  devices  +IBM-  14  percent  of  the 
total  owned  by  the  agency+IBM- went  unused  for 
at  least  7  months  from  2013-2014,  found  a 
report by  the NASA  Inspector General.909 The 
estimated cost of the unused and lost devices 
is at least $97,000 every month. 910 
On  top  of  that,  +IBw-NASA  does  not  have  a 
complete  and  accurate  inventory  of  Agency-
issued  smartphones,  tablets,  cell  phones, 
and  AirCards.+IB0-911  Top  officials  were  even  not 
sure  the  agency+IBk-s  contractor  +IBM-  HP  +IBM-  +IBw-could 
accurately  account  for  the  full  inventory  of 
mobile  devices  it  provides  to  the  Agency.+IB0-912 
With  NASA  in  the  dark  about  what  it  should 
be  paying  for,  it  has  no  way  to  verify  the 
accuracy of its payments to HP.913 
Cell  phones  are  not  the  only  equipment 
NASA  has  had  trouble  keeping  track  of  in 
recent  years.  On  the  agency+IBk-s  list  of  hard-
to-track  items  seem  to  be  laptops,  914  video 
tapes,915 and moon rocks.916 

People  sometimes  think  of  hoarding  as  a 
problem  that  needs  to  be  helped,  and  it  seems 
an intervention is overdue for the Environmental 
Protection  Agency  (EPA).  Somewhat  ironically, 
an agency that encourages +IBw-green+IB0- behavior by 
others needs to take some of its own advice. 
In  its  investigation  into  personal  property 
being  stored  at  sites  used  by  the  agency,  the 
Inspector General  discovered  a warehouse  the 
size of an average Walmart needing  immediate 
attention.917 Inspectors explored a space +IBw-filled . 
.  . with a considerable amount of printed mate-
rial, including many years+IBk- worth of agency pub-
lications.+IB0-918 As it turns out, the EPA was storing 
18.5  million  publications  and  other  materials. 
Considerable  is  an  understatement+IBQ-shipping 
at an average of 3 million units per year, the EPA 
had an inventory of over six years+IBk- worth of ma-
terial.919 
Hoarders  sometimes  try  to  change  be-
havior when they are first alerted to  it, but they 
rarely  succeed  without  strong  support.  In  this 
instance,  the  Inspector General discussed  their 
findings with the EPA and the agency took steps 
to recycle 2 million items.920 We applaud the EPA 
for setting an example by recycling, but  it has a 
long road to recovery. The agency is still storing 
around  5.5  years+IBk- worth  of material. Given  that 
the  recycled  items  weighed  in  at  140  tons,921 
perhaps the EPA  just needs help discarding the 
rest of its waste. 
The EPA  is spending $1.2 million a year  for 
storing  and  maintaining  the  excess  materials 
and another $359,000 for leasing the space.922 

According to inspectors, the above is +IBw-an inside view of the 
EPA warehouse . . . in Blue Ash, Ohio. The image shows rows 
of boxed publications.+IB0-

62

+IBw-Improper  payment+IB0-  is  the  bureaucratic 
term  for a government payment  in  the wrong 
amount,  to  the  wrong  person,  or  used  by  the 
recipient  inappropriately.923  These  types  of 
federal  payment  top  $100  billion  annually.924 
While  the  food  stamp  program  has  been 
on  a  downward  trend,  from  a  5%  improper 
payment  rate  in  2009  to  a  3.4%  improper 
payment  2013,  the  government  is  actually 
projecting  an  increase  in  2014  to  3.8%.925 
While  that  may  seem 
insignificant, 
in  a 
massive  federal  program  like  food  stamps, 
that  slight  shift  amounts  to  a  $400  million 
increase, bringing the total up to $3 billion just 
this  year.926 Below  are  just  a  few  examples  of 
how the program is abused. 

Tennessee 
food  stamp  eligibility 
A  Tennessee 
counselor  created  fake  accounts  that  she 
exchanged for cash and drugs. 
Earlier  this  year,  officials  at  the  state 
Department  of  Human  Services 
(DHS) 
became  suspicious  fraudulent  Supplemental 
Nutrition  Assistance  Program 
(SNAP) 
accounts  were  being  +IBw-created  and  sold  for 
profit  out  of  its  Lebanon  office.+IB0-  An  eligibility 
counselor  there  +IBw-apparently  tampered  with 
government  records  to  create  the  accounts+IB0- 
and  produce  Electronic  Benefit  Transfer 
(EBT) cards +IBw-in exchange for cash and drugs.+IB0- 
Investigators  +IBw-identified  more  than  40 
false  accounts  with  more  than  $150,000 
in  benefits  distributed  fraudulently.+IB0-  The 
case  remains  +IBw-open,  and  more  charges  and 
suspects may be forthcoming.+IB0- 
The eligibility counselor has been fired. 
In  July,  a  Tennessee  law  also  took  effect 
requiring  drug  testing  for  those  seeking 
welfare  benefits.  The  law  does  not  apply  to 
eligibility counselors however. 

Louisiana 
In  Louisiana,  11  were  convicted  this  year 
for food stamp fraud. Nine of those convicted 
simply  lied  about  their  income  to  receive 
the  benefits.927  One  woman  deliberately  hid 

WASTEBOOK 2014$1.1 million$1.5 million7677$3 billion78+AAw-the  fact  that  she  was  married  and  hid  her 
spouse+IBk-s  income,  taking  in  $17,755  in  food 
stamps.  Another  woman  stole  the  identity  of 
another person to get their benefits. 

Rhode Island 
In  Providence,  Rhode  Island,  11  more 
were  convicted  after  scamming  the  system 
for  $3.6  million.928  In  this  more  elaborate 
scheme, seedy store owners gave out cash  in 
exchange for the food stamps instead of food. 
Under  the  rules  of  the  program,  only  food 
items  are  supposed  to  be  purchased.  With 
cash  in  hand,  the  food  stamp  recipients  are 
free to purchase whatever they please. 

Pennsylvania 
Pennsylvania  investigators  took  down 
another  23  food  stamp  scammers,  almost 
all  for  lying  about  their  income.929  What  is 
remarkable  about  the  food  stamp  program 
is  that  the  fraudsters  are  not  always  barred 
from  receiving  future  food  stamps.  In  the 
Pennsylvania  cases,  the  sentences  for  some 
of the individuals included 6 or 12 month bans 
from the program. 

DOD Pays 16 Times the Going Price 
for Helicopter Parts

The Department of Defense (DOD) spent 
more  than  $8,000  on  helicopter  gears  that 
cost under $500. 
Bell  Helicopter  of  Textron  Inc.  received 
more than $9 million in excess payments from 
the  military  for  33  of  35  replacement  spare 
parts  reviewed.930  The  gears  and  other  spare 
parts  were  purchased  under  a  sole-source, 
noncompetitive contract worth $128 million.931 
The  DOD  inspector  general  recommended 
that the military attempt to recoup the excess 
payments.932 
The maker of the gears, Bell Helicopters, 
disagreed  with  the  findings,  avowing  that 
they  had  fully  complied  with  regulations  and 
terms  of  the  contract  and  +IBw-ensures  that  the 
U.S.  Government  consistently  receives  the 
best  price  on  commercial  items  acquired  for 

its  use.+IB0-933  In  addition,  department  officials 
maintain  that  prices  are  fair  simply  because 
federal  and  defense  acquisition  regulations 
had  been  followed,  despite  the  significant 
differences in price.934 
IG  report  blames  the 
However,  the 
acquisition  workforce 
for 
performing 
inadequate  price  comparisons,  particularly 
with  regards  to  a  noncompetitive  contract.935 
According to the Bloomberg news report, the 
Defense  Logistics  Agency  calculated  other 
prices  discrepancies  from  the  Bell  contract, 
including  a  round  inner  cap  at  $297.08  but 
sold for $2,355.85, a pin at $51.67 but sold for 
$492.17 and a one-inch bushing at $25.72 but 
sold for $295.57.936 

Injured ICE Employees Cleared to Work, Stay 
on Workers Comp Instead

Despite  being  cleared  to  work,  some 
Immigrations Customs and Enforcement (ICE) 
employees received hundreds of thousands in 
workers compensation payments. 
While  the  number  of  employees  who 
have  filed  for  workers  compensation  has 
steadily  risen  since  2009,  the  Department  of 
Homeland Security+IBk-s  own Office  of  Inspector 
General (+IBw-OIG+IB0-) +IBM- thinks ICE has wholly failed 
to manage the costs of the program. 
ignoring 
involve 
Most  of  problems 
requirements  that  the  situation  that  caused 

the  injury  be  a  covered  activity  that  justifies 
a  federal  payment.  In  almost  20  percent  of 
the  claims  reviewed  by  OIG,  ICE  failed  to 
include  the  necessary  evidence  to make  that 
decision,937  and  in  another  71  percent  of  the 
cases  reviewed  involving  an  accident  in  a 
government-owned  vehicle,  there  was  no 
evidence  at  all  the  employee  was  doing  an 
on-duty activity eligible for pay.938 
One  federal  worker  received  $43,225 
funds  without  a 
in 
single 
taxpayer 
medical  document 
justifying  the  workers 

compensation  pay. 
In  all,  31%  of  cases 
reviewed by OIG lacked any medical evidence 
or other documentation to support an award. 
Even  federal  employees  who  are  able  to 
work  are  reaping  the  benefits  of  this  poorly-
run problem. 
The  OIG  report  found  that  five  ICE 
employees continued received approximately 
$1 million in workers+IBk- compensation payments 
even though they had already been cleared to 
return to work.939 

63

WASTEBOOK 2014$9 million79$1 million80+AAw-DOD Sends 16 Planes to the Scrap 
Heap for $32,000

After  spending  over  $468  million  on  a 
fleet of 20 planes that were supposed to be the 
backbone  of  the  Afghan  Air  Force+IBk-s  (AAF)  air 
transport mission,  the Department of Defense 
(DOD)  has  scrapped  16  of  the  planes  for  a 
mere $.06 per pound, recouping only $32,000 
for its multi-million dollar investment.940 
The  refurbished  planes  were  purchased 
from  Italian  manufacturer  Alenia  Aermacchi 
North  America  in  2008  to  provide  the  AAF 
with  the  capability  to  transport  troops  and 
conduct  air  evacuation  missions.  However, 
by  January  2013,  the  DOD  Inspector  General 
(DOD  IG)  was  reporting  that  not  only  had 
the  NATO  Training  Mission  and  program 
management 
officials 
not 
+IBw-effectively 
manage[d]  the  G222  program,+IB0-  the  planes 
did  +IBw-not  meet  operational  requirements, 
may  be  cost  prohibitive  to  fly,  and  +ICY-  several 
critical  spare  parts  to  sustain  the  G222  are 

unavailable.+IB0-941  The  planes  flew  only  234 
hours  before  they  were  permanently  parked 
in Afghanistan and Germany and the contract 
cancelled.942 
Though  the  Special  Inspector  General 
for  Afghanistan  Reconstruction  (SIGAR)  is 
still  conducting  its  investigation  to  determine 
+IBw-why DOD purchased aircraft that apparently 
could  not  be  sustained+IB0-  and  what  options 
exist  for  disposing  or  selling  the  planes,943 
DOD  destroyed  the  planes  this  summer  +IBw-to 
minimize  impact  on  drawdown  of  U.S.  forces 
in  Afghanistan+IB0-944  after  no  buyers  could 
be  found  because  +IBw-nobody  was  interested 
in  trying  to  maintain  an  airplane  that  was 
no  longer  sustainable.+IB0-945  Nobody,  that  is, 
except  the Pentagon  acquisition officials  and 
Congressional appropriators who thought the 
planes were  a  good  investment  for  American 
tax dollars. 

64

WASTEBOOK 2014$468 million81+AAw-Unbuilt Eisenhower Memorial 
Burning Through Cash

Behind  schedule,  over-priced,  tone-
deaf,  controversial  and  ugly.  No,  that +IBk-s  not  a 
description of last year +IBk-s federal budget +IBM- it +IBk-s 
how some are describing the ef fort to build a 
memorial  for  President  Dwight  Eisenhower. 
While  construction  was  supposed  to  be 
completed seven years ago,  it has yet  to be-
gin  +IBM-  and  taxpayers  have  already  spent  $65 
million.946 
In  1999,  Congress  f irst  approved  con-
struction  on  the  National  Mall  of  a  memori-
al  to  President  Eisenhower,947  with  plans  for 
it  to  be  open  by  2007.948  However,  af ter  15 
years,  even  the  design  for  the  memorial  has 
yet  to be approved, with construction possi-
bly several more years away.949 
Some  have  said  questionable  decisions 
by  the  Eisenhower  Memorial  Commission  +IBM- 
set up to build the memorial +IBM- lie at the heart 
of  the  delays  and  serious  cost  overruns. 
The  biggest  of  which  has  been  picking  a 
high-prof ile  f ight with  the Eisenhower  family 
over the memorial+IBk-s design. 
John  Eisenhower,  son  of  the  late  presi-
dent,  advocated  for  something  simple,  say-
ing,  +IBw-taxpayers  and  donors  alike will  be  bet-

ter  served  with  an  Eisenhower  Square  that 
is  a  green  space  with  a  simple  statue.+IB0-950 
Instead,  the  commission  pursued  a  design 
from  well-known  architect,  Frank  Gehry, 
which many supporters  inside and out of the 
family  have  strongly  opposed  for  failing  to 
capture Eisenhower +IBk-s legacy. 
According  to  an  investigation  by  the 
House  Committee  on  Natural  Resources, 
multiple  designs  were  submitted  by  com-
petitors,  including  Gehry,  all  of  which  were 
called  +IBw-mediocre+IB0-  by  the  design  jury,  which 
concluded,  +IBw-[none]  of  the  visions  expressed 
the  whole  essence  of  Eisenhower.+IB0-951 
Nonetheless,  Gehry +IBk-s  was  selected,  leading 
one  art  critic  to  compare  it  with,  +IBw-a  scene 
from +IBg-Planet of the Apes.+IB0-952 
One  commission  member,  Bruce  Cole, 
was  even  harsher,  dismissing  the  design  as 
+IBw-a  blizzard  of  tapestries+IB0-  and  +IBw-a  memorial 
to  Gehry +IBk-s  ego  rather  than  to  Ike+IBk-s  accom-
plishments.+IB0-953  Harvard  urban  designer,  Alex 
Krieger, was equally brutal,  saying  that even 
as  a  +IBw-traditional  f irst-semester  architecture 
exercise,+IB0- Gehry +IBk-s design +IBw-would fail.+IB0-954 
The cost of the design lef t some scratch-

ing  their  heads.  For  his  ef forts,  the  commis-
sion paid Gehry +IBk-s architecture f irm $16.4 mil-
lion,  not  counting  an  additional  $13.3 million 
+IBw-to  the multiple parties  responsible  for man-
aging  the  design  process  and  providing  ad-
ministrative support.+IB0-955 All of this accounted 
for a signif icant part of the nearly $65 million 
Congress  has  awarded  thus  far  to  help  build 
the memorial. 
Generating private f inancial support has 
also  been  slow-going.  In  2012 ,  the  commis-
sion  +IBw-paid  a  private  fundraising  consultant 
more  than  $1.2  million  +ICY-  but  had  received 
$448,000 
in  donations 
through  March 
[2014].956 
However, the cost is sure to go higher as 
the commission requested an additional $50 
million this year to continue moving ahead.957 
Because of the complications, Congress only 
provided  $1  million  in  2014,  intended  simply 
to keep the lights on.958 
The  f irst  major  hurdle  for  the  plan  has 
been securing approval  for  the controversial 
design. Federal and District of Columbia rules 
required  multiple  rounds  of  approval,  but  in 
April 2014 the National Planning Commission 
for D.C. rejected the Gehry proposal.959 
In  the  end,  the  question  on  everyone+IBk-s 
mind  is that uttered by Justin Shubow, presi-
dent  of  the National Civic  Art  Society, when 
he asked, +IBw-Everyone wants to know, where is 
the money going?+IB0-960 

65

WASTEBOOK 2014$1 million82+AAw-Butterfly Farm Flies Away with 
federal Funds

The  U.S.  Department  of  Agriculture  is 
spending half-a-million dollars  this year  to  sub-
sidize the farming of+ICY- butterflies. 
Unlike cows and pigs, these livestock don+IBk-t 
live  in  the  barn,  but  in  their  own  butterfly  cas-
tles.961  When  they  mature,  the  butterflies  are 
sold, often to be +IBw-released at weddings or funer-
als.+IB0-962 A single butterfly can cost 75 cents or as 
much as $7, +IBw-depending on the time of year and 
species.+IB0-963 And butterflies only live for a couple 
weeks  with  some  species  lasting  +IBw-only  a  few 
days+IBQ-so the window to raise and ship them for 
a specific event is small.+IB0-964 
This  $500,000  grant  will  pay  for  +IBw-free+IB0- 
starting materials including castles and eggs for 
farmers  and  a  vehicle  to  transport  the  butter-
flies.965  The  project will  also  support  a  butterfly 
visitor  center  where  people  would  be  charged 
an admission fee to see butterflies.966 
The  Rural  Business  Enterprise  Grant  pro-

gram  of  the  U.S.  Department  of  Agriculture 
(USDA)  provided  the  grant,  which  is  +IBw-the  larg-
est awarded this year by the program.+IB0-967 USDA 
+IBw-recognized the potential for jobs in the industry 
and  awarded+IB0-  the  +IBw-grant  to  the  Thlopthlocco 
Tribal Town in Oklahoma.+IB0-968 
+IBw-What  attracted  the  most  attention  was 
the  amount  of  jobs  this  could  create,+IB0-  said  the 
business  and  energy  program  director  at  the 
USDA+IBk-s Oklahoma Rural Development office.969 
+IBw-To get one person  really  rocking and  roll-
ing,  it+IBk-s about $150,+IB0- said David Bohlken, one of 
the  owners  of  the  Euchee  Butterfly  Farm,  who 
came up with the idea.970 With 845 members of 
the  Thlopthlocco  Tribal  Town,971  every member 
of  the  tribe could be provide  their own start kit 
for  a  total  cost  of  $127,000,  not  $500,000  as 
provided  by  USDA.  But  so  far,  only  +IBw-about  50 
people are signed up for the program.+IB0-972 
Butterfly  farming  generates  annual  prof-

Transit Security Grant for +IBw-Feel Good+IB0- 
Ads That Promote Local Tax Increase

The  Pinellas  Suncoast  Transit  Authority 
(PSTA)  in  Florida  received  two  Department  of 
Homeland  Security  (DHS)  grants  for  security 
and  emergency  awareness  marketing,  which 
consisted of two phases. 

Phase  I  ($96,000)  +IBM-  To  develop  a 
+ALc- 
public  awareness/education  program  that  will 
incorporate  the  basics  of  the  Federal  Transit 
Administration+IBk-s 
+IBw-Transit 
(FTA+IBk-s)  existing 
Watch  Program+IB0-  which  encourages  transit 
patrons to alert authorities if they see anything 
suspicious. Approximately $12,000 of the grant 
is  programmed  for PSTA  printing  and material 
preparation  costs  and  the  remaining  $84,000 
is for consultant costs. 
+ALc- 
Phase  II  ($439,500)  +IBM-  This  phase 
develops  and  implements  a mass media  cam-
paign  to  further  promote  public  awareness  of 

security issues related to public transportation 
and  to  enhance  coordination  with  safety  and 
security partners within the community.978 

The  Phase  II  money  was  used  by  PSTA 
to  pay  for  puff  piece  commercials  that  have 
nothing  to  do  with  promoting  public  safety 
when using transit. For example: 
+IBw-Eva 
is  a  college  student  with  an 
internship  at  an  office  downtown.  She  takes 
the  bus  from  home,  to  school  to  her  job. With 
such  a  busy  schedule,  Eva+IBk-s  time  is  valuable; 
she knows that PSTA cares about her time and 
her  security.  Eva  can  use  a  computer  or  her 
phone  check  real  time  bus  information  (shot 
of a Eva scanning QR code at bus stop) to see 
exactly where her PSTA bus is and when it will 
arrive  (shot  of  friendly  bus  driver).  And  PSTA 
is working  to make  it  easier  to  get  around  the 

66

its of $64 million,973 but  +IBw-the money  in butterfly 
farming  certainly  isn+IBk-t  equivalent  to  a  full  time 
job  at  first.+IB0-974  Those  who  sign  up  +IBw-can  expect 
make  between  $400  and  $500  a  month  from 
about March  through October,+IB0- according  Jane 
Breckinridge,975  who  has  been  in  the  butterfly 
business for two decades.976 
While  the  goals  of  the  initiative  are  wor-
thy  and  the  Euchee  Butterfly  Farm  is  a  great 
example  of  how  ingenuity  matched  with  hard 
work can produce success, this  is not a project 
that  needs  federal  assistance,  especially  when 
matched  up  against  our  nation+IBk-s  much  larger 
economic and fiscal challenges. 
So  how  is  it  that  a  federal  government 
$17  trillion  in debt ends up subsidizing butterfly 
farming? 
Millie  Wind,  the  environmental  specialist 
for  the Thlopthlocco Tribal Town who  +IBw-brought 
the  idea  back  to  the  tribe  council,+IB0-  said  +IBw-some 
tribal  members  were  skeptical  about  the  proj-
ect  originally,  but  the  grant  helped  eliminate 
that.+IB0-977  This  might  be  referred  to  as  the  +IBw-but-
terfly  effect+IB0-  of  government  waste+IBQ-when  the 
availability of  +IBw-free+IB0- government money causes 
a ripple effect resulting in waves of unnecessary 
frivolous spending.

county. To learn more, visit Greenlight Pinellas.
com or PSTA.net (Shot of Greenlight logo, PSTA 
CARES  logo  and  disclaimer  indicating  the  ad 
was paid for by a grant from the Department of 
Homeland Security).+IB0-979 
The  end  of  each  ad  directs  viewers  to 
the  Greenlight  Pinellas  website  to  learn more. 
The  Greenlight  Pinellas  Plan  consists  of 
+IBw-transformational bus improvements and future 
passenger  rail  that  will  significantly  enhance 
public  transportation  in  Pinellas County.  If  the 
proposed  1%  sales  tax  referendum  passes  in 
November  2014,  PSTA  would  implement  the 
Greenlight Pinellas Plan.+IB0-980 
Aside from mentioning the word +IBw-security+IB0- 
once,  these  ads  are  simply  promoting  transit 
and the PSTA+IBk-s Greenlight Pinellas plan. These 
commercials  are  not  informing  viewers  how 
to  protect  against  a  terrorist  attack  or  other 
disaster  or  even  how  to  protect  themselves 
when  using  transit 
infrastructure. 
It+IBk-s  to 
encourage  voters  to  vote  for  Greenlight  in 
November and for a sales tax increase that will 
benefit them. 
After  media  scrutiny  of  the  campaign, 
PSTA repaid a portion of the grants--$385,500 
went back, but the taxpayer is still on the hook. 

WASTEBOOK 2014$500,000$181,0008384+AAw-Identity Thieves Steal Billions Each Year With 
Bogus Tax Returns

like 
Identity  thieves  are  making  out 
bandits when  it  comes  to  stealing  tax  refunds 
from unsuspecting taxpayers. 
Described  as  a  +IBw-tsunami  of  fraud+IB0-  by  a 
United States attorney, every year the  Internal 
Revenue  Service  (IRS)  pays  out  billions  of 
dollars in fraudulent refunds to clever criminals 
filing  fake  tax  returns.  Some  identify  thieves 
have  even  thrown  +IBw-filing  parties,+IB0-  where  they 
teach  their  friends  how  to  file  fraudulent 
returns, in exchange for a cut of the refund. 981 
Just  last  year,  the  tax  enforcement  agency 
issued $5.2 billion  in refunds based on more than 
three  million  phony  federal  tax  returns.982  The 
Treasury  Inspector  General  predicts  this  num-
ber will only continue  to grow, estimating  the  IRS 
+IBw-could issue approximately $21 billion in fraudulent 
tax refunds resulting from  identity theft+IB0- over five 
years, an average of $4.2 billion each year.983 

Little  more  than  a  stolen  Social  Security 
number,  a  date  of  birth,  and  an  electronic 
device  to  file  a  federal  tax  return  because 
significant gaps exist in the IRS+IBk- ability to verify 
taxpayer  information  and  prevent  fraudulent 
payouts.  Online  tax  filers  are  not  required  to 
provide  a  paper  copy  of  their W-2  to  the  IRS. 
Most  electronic  filers  submit  their  taxes  in 
February, several months before the IRS is able 
to  verify  their  accuracy  because  of  several 
month  delay  in  receiving  employer-provided 
W-2s.984 
Criminals  often  receive  their  refund  from 
the IRS within a couple weeks because federal 
law  requires  the  IRS  to  pay  interest  on  any 
refund  distributed  more  than  45  days  after 
the  return+IBk-s  due  date.985  This  encourages  the 
agency  to  turn  around  refunds  as  quickly  as 
possible. In many cases, identity thieves submit 

the fake tax return and receive a refund before 
the victim has even filed their tax return.986 
While  the  IRS  is  increasing  efforts  to 
address 
identity  theft  and  stolen  refunds, 
much  remains  to  be  accomplished.  In  one 
case detailed by CBS+IBk-s 60 minutes, at  least 25 
refunds  were  mailed  to  the  same  address.987 
In a  review of  the  IRS+IBk- ability  to prevent stolen 
refunds through identity theft, the Government 
Accountability Office  found  the  IRS  has  failed 
to  identify  any  cost-effective  solutions  for 
updating their electronic technology processes 
that detect overlap or refund mismatches.988 
The  IRS+IBk-  identity  crisis  should  not  affect 
taxpayers  awaiting  their  tax  refund.  These 
individuals  send  billions  of  dollars  to  the 
Treasury  every  year,  and  deserve  to  receive 
their  tax  refund  without  wondering  if  the  IRS 
mailed it to an identity thief instead. 

Feds Study Science Festival Attendance

The federal government is spending a mil-
lion  and  a  half  dollars  to  monitor  your  festival 
attendance. Science festivals, that is. 
Each  year  states  and  private  groups  host 
hundreds of science festivals all over the coun-
try.  Apparently,  though,  the  hosts  don+IBk-t  do  a 
very  good  job  of  communicating with  one  an-
other and getting data  from  their participants, 
so they have a hard time figuring out if their ef-
forts are helping the cause of science. 
These  aren+IBk-t  your  grandparent+IBk-s  science 
fairs,  either.  A  sampling  of  festivals  include: 
+IBw-Nerd  Nite+IB0-  at  Sea  on  an  aircraft  carrier  in 
San  Francisco;  +IBw-E=MC  Beered,+IB0-  sponsored  by 
the  Philadelphia  Science  Festival  and  Yards 
Brewing  Company;  and  +IBw-Science  Ink,+IB0-  host-
ed  by  a  body  artist  to  discuss  +IBw-science-y  tat-
toos.+IB0-989  The  NC  Science  Festival  is  soliciting 
ideas for other fun festivals, suggesting Rocket 
Science  serving  Rocket  Science  IPA,  a  video 
game  tournament,  and  even  a  robot  zoo:  +IBw-the 

wackier, the better.+IB0-990 
Researchers  at  University  of  California  at 
San Francisco and University of North Carolina 
at  Chapel  Hill  are  using  the  National  Science 
Foundation  grant  money  to  help  figure  out 
whether all these  festivals are actually making 
Americans  love  science.  They  are  also  devel-
oping  a  database  for  +IBw-the  festival  community+IB0- 
to use  to  share  information about  their partic-
ipants.991 
In  addition,  the  federal  government  is 
funding  a  three-year  project  (concluding  in 
2015)  to  support  the  development  of  more  of 
these festivals and provide resources for men-
toring and travel costs with the goal of creating 
a  network  of  scientists  and  festival  organiz-
ers.992 993 
On  what  one  would  think  would  be  an 
unrelated  note,  the  funding  will  also  +IBw-devel-
op  some  new  evaluation  tools  such  as  secret 
shopper observational protocols.+IB0-994 

67

WASTEBOOK 2014At least $4.2 billion85$1,523,13386+AAw-Five Decades of Controversy for Beleaguered 
Government Program

On   its   50th   ann iversary,   the  $1 .7   b i l l ion 
federa l   Job   Corps   program   +IBM-   the   centers 
where   Amer ican   youth   of ten   go   for   the ir 
f irst   job   --   is   been   p lagued   by   quest ions   of 
inef fect iveness,   v io lence   and   drug   use   at 
many  of   its   job  centers. 
One   Job   Corps   center   in   McK inney, 
Texas  
is   under   federa l  
invest igat ion   for 
v io lent   cr ime   and   drug   use.   An   of f ic ia l   sa id 

When  quest ioned  how  the  student  was  ab le 
to   comp lete   h is   jun ior   and   sen ior   year   in 
one   week   and   the   teacher   sa id   it   was   +IBw-not 
poss ib le.+IB0- 1000  Another   teacher   res igned   due 
to   immense   pressure   to   graduate   students 
even   +IBw- if   someone   e lse   has   to   s it   w ith   that 
mouse   and   c l ick   A ,   c l ick   B,   c l ick   C ,   c l ick   D. 
It  does  not  matter  who  does   it .+IB0- 1001 
An   ar t ic le  
in   the   Wash ington   Post 

+IBw-I believe the Job Corps got lazy. I believe 
they stopped trying to help people and 
started going through the motions.+IB0- 
- former Job Corps student 

the   center   has   +IBw-an   atroc ious   drug   prob lem+IB0- 
and  others  shared  informat ion  about  v io lent 
assau lts  resu lt ing  in  students  be ing  taken  to 
the  hosp ita l .995 
Job   Corps   has   a   supposed   zero 
to lerance   po l icy   for   drugs   and   v io lence. 
However,   a   Safety   and   Secur ity   Manager 
at   the   nor th   Texas   center   has   sa id   that   he 
was   to ld   the   center   had   an   amnesty   po l icy 
in   wh ich   a   student   caught   w ith   drugs   or 
weapons   is   a l lowed   to   stay   at   the   center.996 
That   manager   was   to ld   not   to   contact   the 
loca l   po l ice   depar tment   about   the   v io lence 
and  drug  use.997 
Teachers   at   the   McK inney   center   have 
a lso   f i led   comp la ints   that   charge   they  were 
made   to   g ive   students   a   +IBw-d ip loma   by   any 
means  necessary,+IB0-  through  +IBw-extens ive  fraud 
and   cheat ing.+IB0-998  In   one   examp le,   a   student 
at   the   center   began   h is   freshman   year   of 
h igh   schoo l   on   February   21 ,   2014 ,   he   was 
advanced  to  a  sophomore  two  months  later, 
and   graduated   two   weeks   af ter   that .999 

recent ly   h igh l ighted   one   of   the   worst 
per form ing  Job  Corps  centers  in  the  country : 
Treasure   Lake   Job   Corps  
in   Ind iahoma , 
Ok lahoma .   One   student   sa id   the   center 
+IBw-rem inded   her   of   a   home less   she lter,   fu l l   of 
peop le  hust l ing  and   f ight ing,+IB0-  wh i le  another 
student   posted   on   Facebook   it   +IBw-rem inded 
me   of   be in   bk   in   ja i l   lo l .+IB0- 1002  Af ter   years   of 
poor   per formance   and   cr it ic ism ,   the   Jobs 
Corps   announced   in   August   that   it   was 
c los ing  the  troub led  center. 1003 
Students  are  a l lowed  to  leave  whenever 
they   want .   In   fact ,   +IBw-Over   the   decades, 
aud itors   found   that   many   students   qu it 
before   they   graduated   +IBQ-   homes ick ,   bored , 
or   t ired   of   conf l icts   w ith   other   students. 
Today,   about   59   percent   comp lete   a l l   of 
the ir   tra in ing.   The   rest   leave   ear ly,   w ith 
no   pena lty   or   requ irement   to   pay   money 
back .+IB0- 1004 
the 
the   poor   educat ion  
Desp ite  
students  rece ive,  Job  Corps  costs  taxpayers 
about  $45 ,000  per  student  per  year  +IBM-  more 

68

than   four   years   of   tu it ion   at   the   Un ivers ity 
of  Texas. 1005 
One   of   the   few   stud ies   of   the   program 
found   that   wh i le   there   were   pos it ive   shor t 
term  ef fects  in  students +IBk-  earn ings,  af ter  four 
years,   there   was   no   v ir tua l ly   no   d if ference 
between   those   who   had   attended   Job 
Corps   and   those   who   had   app l ied   but   not 
attended .   1006 
Yet ,   g iven   anecdotes   of   past   success 
stor ies   +IBM-   not   to   ment ion   the   fact   that   Job 
Corps  centers  can  emp loy  hundreds  of  staf f 
in   po l it ic ians +IBk-   own   d istr icts   +IBM-   the   program+IBk-s 
mass ive  cost   is  rare ly  quest ioned . 
+IBw- +IBg-What   you   f ind   is   that   the   program 
+IBQ-   from   soc iety +IBk-s   perspect ive   +IBQ-   does   not 
pay   for   itse l f. . .   But   it   is   a   good   dea l   for 
the   enro l lees   themse lves.+IBk-   In   Wash ington 
today,  that  much  good  is  good  enough .+IB0- 1007 
Congress  
recent ly  
passed  
the 
Workforce  
Innovat ion   and   Oppor tun ity 
Act ,   wh ich   author izes   near ly   $13   b i l l ion   in 
fund ing   for   the   Job   Corps   program   through 
f isca l  year  2020 . 

+IBw-[Treasure Lake 
graduate Austin] 
Brown +IBQ- who 
watched his 
roommates make 
prison-style hooch 
+IBQ- did get his training 
in culinary skills, and 
afterward he did get 
a job in his field. He is 
now a cook at Burger 
King.+IB0- 

WASTEBOOK 2014$1.7 billion87+AAw-NSF Studies Why 
Wikipedia is Sexist

Maine Town Rebuilds 
38 +IBw-Speed Humps+IB0- to 
Slow Traffic Through 
Neighborhood

In  September  2013,  the  National  Science 
Foundation  awarded  federal  grants  to  Yale 
and New York University  researchers  to  study 
perceived gender bias on Wikipedia.1014 
The  National  Science 
Foundation 
awarded $132,000 to Yale Sociology Professor 
Julia Adams and $70,000 to Hannah Br+APw-ckner, 
NYU  Abu  Dhabi  Associate  Dean  of  Social 
Sciences,  to  study  +IBw-how  and why +ICY- Wikipedia 
suffers from systemic gender bias.+IB0-1015 
The 
study 
follows  accusations  of 
sexism  in  content  and  among  contributors 
at  Wikipedia.1016  For  example,  a  2013  opinion 
piece in the New York Times, argued Wikipedia 
contributors  were  biased  because  they  had 
characterized  some 
female  novelists  as 
+IBw-American  Female  Novelists+IB0-  on  Wikipedia, 
rather than +IBw-American Novelists.+IB0-1017 
Others  disagree  that  Wikipedia  is  biased 
or argue it+IBk-s not a real problem. For example, an 
opinion article  in Slate concluded +IBw-Wikipedia+IBk-s 
gender  imbalance  is  a  non-problem  in  search 
of  a  misguided  solution,+IB0-  arguing  that 
it 
+IBw-would  do  a  lot  less  damage  to  equality  to 
acknowledge  that  men  and  women  are  not 
identical  in their  interests than to suggest that 
+IBg-freedom, openness, [and] egalitarian ideas+IBk- are 
inconsistent with female self-realization.+IB0-1018 
Wikipedia  is  a  free  online  encyclopedia 
where  the  content  is  created  and  edited  by 
anyone with Internet access. 
The study is expected to be completed by 
August 2015.1019 

Navy Sends Hundreds 
of Magazines to 
Congress to Promote 
Green Initiatives

Currents  magazine  is  the  Navy+IBk-s  flagship, 
quarterly  publication  showcasing  its  commit-
ment  to  environmental  stewardship  and  prog-
ress toward meeting its energy goals. According 
to the Navy, the magazine+IBk-s publication enables 
it  to  +IBw-share  best  practices/lessons  learned  and 
increase  awareness  regarding  environmental 
compliance and energy efficiency for ships and 
commands in their daily work.+IB0-1008 
Articles  published  this  year  have  includ-
ed  a  story  on  the  Navy+IBk-s  updated  Buy  It  Green 
guide, a  +IBw-compilation of products  that are clas-
sified  as  sustainable  by  the  Defense  Logistics 
Agency  (DLA)  and/or  the  General  Services 
Administration  (GSA)+IB0-  that  Navy  procurement 
officials can use to ensure the Navy reaches the 
goal  of  having  +IBw-95  percent  of  all  procurements 
and contracts incorporate sustainable products 
and services,+IB0-1009 and a feature on winners of the 
Chief of Naval Operations+IBk- award for exception-
al environmental stewardship.1010 
Yet  for  all  its  efforts  to  showcase  itself  as 
the  +IBw-Great  Green  Fleet,+IB0-1011  the  Navy  still  mails 
out  9,500  hard  copies  of  the  magazine  ev-
ery  quarter,  including  535  to  each  member  of 
Congress,  at  a  cost  of  an  additional  $72,000  a 
year over the $260,000 it takes the staff of four 
contractors  and  federal  employees  to  develop 
the content.1012 
The  issues  going  as  far  back  as  2010  are 
accessible online, which begs the question why 
the  Navy  thinks  continued  distribution  of  hard 
copies  is  necessary?  The  Navy  maintains  that 
each  issue  contains  a  notice  +IBw-requesting  that 
recipients+ICY-confirm  that  they  still  want  to  re-
ceive  the magazine,+IB0-1013  but  if  the magazine  re-
ally  serves  a purpose beyond  self-aggrandizing 
propaganda 

According to a national study found Maine 
to  have  the  ninth-worst  track  record  in  the 
nation  for  repairing  deficient  bridges,  nearly 
one million  people  drive  on Maine+IBk-s  crumbling 
bridges  every  day.1020 But  instead  of  fixing  the 
Pine Tree State+IBk-s crumbling bridges and roads, 
federal funds will help install +IBw-speed humps+IB0- to 
slow traffic in two Portland neighborhoods.1021 
Local  officials  grew  concerned  over  time 
that  roads  in  the  Libbytown  and  Rosemont 
neighborhoods  were  +IBw-frequently  used  by 
motorists  as  a  cut  through.+IB0-1022  To  slow  these 
drivers  down  while  they  cut  through,  the  city 
built +IBw-mini traffic circles and islands,+IB0- as well as 
38 +IBw-speed humps.+IB0-1023 
In  all,  the  project 
is  slated  to  cost 
$335,000,  using  a  portion  of  a  $1.5  million 
grant  from  the U.S. Department of Commerce 
Economic  Development  Administration  (EDA) 
and  $90,000  from  the  U.S.  Department  of 
Transportation.1024  According  to  the  EDA,  the 
$1.5 million grant was part of a broader effort to 
redevelop  Thompson+IBk-s  Point  as  a  +IBw-mixed-use 
center  that  will  include  a  convention  center, 
sports complex and office space.+IB0-1025 
However, several neighborhood  residents 
sounded a note of skepticism that using several 
hundred  thousand  dollars  for  traffic  calming 
was  a  good  idea.  +IBw-I+IBk-m  not  sure  people  who 
speed  are  going  to  be  deterred,+IB0-  commented 
Bernie  Cohen.1026  Fellow  neighbor,  Norm  Reef, 
added that drivers may still speed, +IBw-When they 
get  to  the  speed  bump,  they  slow  down.  As 
soon  as  they  get  over  the  bump,  bingo,  they 
take off again. +ICY- I question how much good it+IBk-s 
going  to  do  for  the  investment  they+IBk-re  going 
to  make.+IB0-1027  To  be  sure,  while  the  measures 
were 
intended  to  reduce  speed,  Portland 
officials were also quick to point out they were 
designed  to  +IBw-not  force  drivers  to  significantly 
adjust their travel speed.+IB0-1028 
Mike  Bobinsky,  Portland+IBk-s  public  services 
director,  said  the  speed  humps  would  not  be 
as +IBw-severe+IB0- as others used in the city.1029 Added 
Bobinsky, +IBw-We are trying to create friction that 
causes  greater  awareness  by  drivers  to  be 
conscious  it  is  a  neighborhood  with  children, 
walkers and bicyclists.+IB0-1030 

69

WASTEBOOK 2014$72,00088$202,00089$335,0090+AAw-DOJ Buys Premium LinkedIn Account 
to Promote Jobs During Hiring Freeze

Following  in  the  footsteps  of  the  State 
Department +IBk-s purchase of Facebook likes,1031 
the  Department  of  Justice+IBk-s  (DOJ)  Criminal 
Division  has  forked  over  $544,338  of  tax-
payers+IBk-  dollars  to  have  +IBw-an  enhanced  com-
pany prof ile+IB0- on LinkedIn.com, a professional 
networking  website,  so  that  it  can  +IBw-increase 
brand  awareness  beyond 
job  advertise-
ments+IB0-  and  determine  which  job  applicants 
are  qualif ied  candidates  based  on  self-re-
ported user prof iles.1032 
The  DOJ  described  the  LinkedIn  ser-
vices  as  +IBw-freeing  up  staf f  time  and workload 
that would otherwise be spent reviewing ap-
plications  and  inquiries of  unqualif ied  candi-
dates.+IB0-1033 But when this contract for LinkedIn 

services was awarded, the DOJ was scarcely 
posting  job  advertisements,  because  it  was 
almost three years into a hiring freeze !1034 
But  since  the  Attorney  General  lif ted 
the  DOJ+IBk-s  hiring  freeze  in  February  2014, 
taxpayer  dollars  are  no  longer  being  wast-
ed  advertising  for  limited  job  openings  for 
federal agents, prosecutors, and analysts. 1035 
Instead,  the  DOJ  still  wasted  taxpayer  mon-
ey  by  turning  to  LinkedIn  to  f ind  qualif ied 
job  applicants  while  the  unemployment  rate 
was  at  6.6%1036,  and  the  unemployment  rate 
of  recent  law school graduates, a hiring pool 
for future prosecutors, is 12 .8%.1037 One news 
outlet  noted  that,  +IBw-[i]n  a  stagnant  economy 
with  high  unemployment,  Americans  are 

Taxpayers Charged to Promote Hillary 
Clinton+IBk-s $14 Million Book in Europe

Like  other  former  First  Ladies,  Hillary 
Clinton will receive Secret Service protection 
for  life.  That  does  not  explain  why  the  State 
Department  and  Department  of  Homeland 
Security  spent  more  than  $55,000  for  the 
former  Secretary  of  State+IBk-s  European  book 
tour  this  year,  especially  since  she  +IBw-was  not 
traveling on official government business.+IB0-1042 
Clinton  retired  as  Secretary  of  State  in 
February  2013,  yet  the  State  Department 
+IBw-paid  for  nearly  $50,000  of  the  costs+IB0-  of  her 
European  excursion  to  promote  her  book 
+IBw-Hard  Choices+IB0-  in  July  2014.1043  This  is  not  a 
perk  typically  extended  to  former  Cabinet 

secretaries,  +IBw-making 
it  curious  the  State 
Department +IBk-s Paris Embassy was on the hook+IB0- 
for her costs.1044 A Department spokeswoman 
could not answer whether or not +IBw-her agency 
had  paid  for  Clinton+IBk-s  private  travel  on  other 
non-government trips.+IB0-1045 
DHS  spent  $5,100 
three 
rent 
to 
Mercedes-Benz  +IBw-executive  limousine  vans+IB0- 
for a single day in Berlin, Germany.1046 
According to documents obtained by the 
Daily Mail,  the  federal  government  paid more 
than  +IBw-$55,000  on  travel  expenses  related  to 
her book tour +IB0- in July alone.1047 
The  expenses 
for  Clinton  Tour  de 

clamoring  for  jobs+ICY-You+IBk-d  think  recruiting 
expenses  would  be  cut  back,  not  stepped 
up.+IB0-1038  When  it  comes  to  jobs,  it +IBk-s  a  sellers+IBk- 
market,  yet  taxpayers  continue  paying  to 
promote  the  only  seller  of  federal  law  en-
forcement jobs. 
The  DOJ  stated  that  using  LinkedIn  will 
free up  time and  resources  in  the hiring pro-
cess.1039  How  will  the  DOJ+IBk-s  enhanced  on-
line  presence  on  LinkedIn  achieve  this?  The 
LinkedIn services will assist the DOJ in +IBw-serv-
ing  job  advertisements  to  the most  relevant, 
targeted  audiences,  generating  the  most 
qualif ied leads.+IB0-1040 
Taxpayers  would  be  alarmed  to  know 
the  next  generation  of  federal  criminal  law 
enforcement  is  being  selected  by  a  social 
media website on their dime. Even more, tax-
payers can only hope that these LinkedIn ser-
vices will be able to weed out the thousands 
of  fake  prof iles  on  LinkedIn  as  ef fectively  as 
the  DOJ  expects  LinkedIn  to  weed  out  un-
qualif ied candidates for employment.1041 

France  included  $3,668  charge  for  +IBw-a  single 
night +IBk-s  lodging  in  a  suite  at  the  posh  Four 
Seasons  George  V  hotel  in  Paris.  That  rate 
corresponds to the cost of a suite with a +IBg-large 
and  superbly  appointed  marble  bathroom,+IBk-  a 
+IBg-deep  soaking  tub,+IBk-  +IBg-sparkling  chandeliers+IBk- 
and  +IBg-elegant  period  furniture,  according  to 
the  Four  Seasons  website,+IB0-  notes  the  Daily 
Mail.1048 
The Secret Service  spent $11,291  to  rent 
vehicles  for agents  in Paris.  +IBw-The government 
spent  another  $35,183  on 
lodging  there, 
but  the  purchase  order  doesn+IBk-t  say  where 
Clinton+IBk-s  personal  protection  detail  stayed,+IB0- 
reported the Daily Mail. 1049 
Mrs.  Clinton 
reportedly 
received  a 
$14  million  advance  for  her  book  +IBw-Hard 
Choices.+IB0-1050  Her  speaking  fees  have  ranged 
from  $225,000  to  $300,000  for  a  single 
appearance.1051 

70

WASTEBOOK 2014$544,338$55,0009192+AAw-FAA Spending to Study What to Do 
With a FAA-Violating Municipal

For  many  business  owners,  failure  to 
comply with  federal  regulations can  result  in 
steep  f ines  or  orders  to  close  up  shop.  But 
for  the  Burley  Municipal  Airport  in  Burley, 
Idaho,  failure  to  adhere  to  Federal  Aviation 
Administration  (FAA)  standards  results  in  a 
$520,000  taxpayer-funded  feasibility  study 
just  to  decide  if  this  problematic  airport 
should be f ixed, moved, or closed.1052 
A failed compliance review  in March 2014 
presented the city of Burley with an ultimatum: 
fix  or  move  the  airport  or  lose  any  FAA 
funding.1053  Burley  has  been  studying  places 
for  relocating  the airport since 1995.1054 So  far, 
not  including  the  newest  study,  the  FAA  has 
funded $624,082 worth of studies for possible 
airport sites  for Burley.1055 Burley attempted  to 
move  the  airport  in  1997,  2008,  and  2011,  but 
all  of  these  attempts  were  thwarted  by  land-
use  disputes.1056  While  one  intuitive  Burley 
City  Councilman  stated  that  the  FAA  has 
funded  these  studies  because  it  thinks  the 
Burley  airport  needs  to  be  moved,  apparently 
the  ultimate  decision  between  two  proposed 
relocation sites or improvements to the current 
site  cannot  be  reached  without  an  additional 
half a million dollars of taxpayers+IBk- money.1057 
Early reporting on the newest FAA study 
is  already  taking  an  ominous  direction  for 
the Burley Municipal Airport and  for  the U.S. 
taxpayers  funding  the  study.  One  decision 
from  the  study  will  be  how  much  money 
the  FAA  wants  to  invest  in  an  airport  that  is 
only  used  by  local  pilots. 1058  At  the  meeting 
to  approve  the  city +IBk-s  application  for  the  FAA 
study,  one  city  councilman  suggested  that 
the  airport  should  just  be  closed  instead  of 
moved.1059  Lengthening  one  of  the  runways 
to  meet  FAA  standards  for  safety  zones 
could  come  with  an  estimated  price  tag  of 
over  $100 million,  some  of which would  also 
be  paid  by  U.S.  taxpayers. 1060  This  would 
leave  one  runway  being  a  published  length 
of  2 ,500  feet,  which  is  prohibited  by  many 

insurers  of  corporate  planes.1061  In  addition, 
non-local  pilots  would  be  unaware  that  the 
runway  is  actually  longer  than  2 ,500  feet, 
causing  them  to  bypass  the  Burley  airport 
for  another  airport  with  a  longer  published 
runway  length.1062  One  proposed  relocation 
site  only  has  one  runway  to  accommodate 
the  area+IBk-s  prevailing  wind,  causing  landing 
problems  for  arriving  pilots. 1063  This  site  also 
does  not  have  readily  available  interstate 
access, making it not time-ef fective to travel 
to the airport.1064 The proposed sites also fail 
to  address  security  concerns,  as  their  rural 
locations have little protections against thef t 
of the $200,000 small airplanes that use the 
Burley airport.1065 
The Burley Airport Users Association has 
already voiced  its opposition  to  the proposed 
relocation sites, with the group of  local pilots+IBk- 
president stating that +IBw-[i]f they put the airport 
at  either  of  the  sites,  I+IBk-ll  just  start  going  to 
Twin  Falls  because  the  [Burley]  airport  will 
be  so  difficult  to  access.+IB0-1066  However,  the 
executive  director  of  the  Southern  Idaho 
Economic 
Organization 
Development 
predicted  that  relocating  the  Burley  airport 
is  not  +IBw-a  deal-maker  nor  +IBM-breaker,+IB0-  because 
major  corporations  are  satisfied  using  an 
airport that is 25 minutes away.1067 
So while  the  FAA  is  spending  $520,000 
of taxpayers+IBk- money on a study to assess the 
fate of the Burley Municipal Airport, the Magic 
Valley Regional Airport operates less than an 
hour +IBk-s drive away in Twin Falls, Idaho. 1068 One 
Burley  businessman  posed  +IBw-[i]f  the  [Burley] 
airport  doesn+IBk-t  meet  FAA  standards,  how  in 
good  conscience  can  we  keep  it  open?+IB0- 1069 
The  question  U.S.  taxpayers  should  be 
asking  is:  if  the  Burley  airport  is  only  f if ty 
miles  away  from  a  perfectly  functioning 
airport, how in good conscience can the FAA 
spend  taxpayer dollars  to study keeping  this 
crumbling rural airport afloat? 

Texting Drunks 
Asking Them Not 
to Drink

+IBw-Btw,  don+IBk-t  have  2  much  2  drink.+IB0- 
Researchers have received $194,090 this year 
to determine  if  text messages can encourage 
heavy drinkers to put down that cocktail.1070 
Researchers  have  acknowledged  that 
other 
internet-based 
interventions  have 
+IBw-proven mildly effective but have limited ability 
to help  individuals maintain changes.+IB0-1071 They 
are  hoping  that  tapping  into  a  drinker +IBk-s  cell 
phone  will  be  more  effective  in  reaching  the 
drinker before problem drinking occurs.1072 For 
example,  some  study  subjects will  get  a  daily 
3  P.M.  text  message  reminding  them  of  the 
consequences of heavy drinking.1073 
Not just any ordinary drinker qualifies for 
the study. The focus is on women and men who 
drink more than 15 and 24 drinks in an average 
week,  respectively.1074 Up  to  300  participants 
will  receive  up  to  115  text messages  a month 
over  the  course  of  four  months.1075  They  will 
be measured  by  the  reduction  in  the  number 
of  drinks  consumed  each  day,  the  number 
of  days  of  heavy  drinking,  and  the  average 
number  of  drinks  per  week.1076  Any  drinkers 
who  +IBw-express  a  desire  or  intent  to  obtain 
additional substance abuse treatment+IB0- during 
the study are excluded from participating.1077 

71

WASTEBOOK 2014$520,00093$194,09094+AAw-We All Scream for 
Federally Funded 
Ice Cream

NASA+IBk-s Near-Earth 
Object Program: The 
Comet that Keeps 
Chasing Its Tail

Some in the dairy industry are milking the 
federal  government.  While  some  grants  are 
being  used  to  develop  products  like  cheese, 
cream  or  butter,  other  dairy  farmers  have 
been  more  creative  in  their  efforts  to  acquire 
taxpayer money. 
In Idaho, a dairy farm received grant funds 
to  launch a marketing campaign  in part  to  sell 
its  ice  cream.1078  This  will  likely  allow  the  farm 
to focus on maintaining the +IBw-drive-thru+IB0- where 
new customers can come and +IBw-get [their] milk, 
ice cream cones, bread or yogurt . . . .+IB0-1079 Other 
farms  have  also  used  the  funds  to  grow  their 
ice cream businesses,  including one  in Oregon 
which plans to market a premium  ice cream  in 
its stores,1080 and another in Washington which 
will  help  start  up  a  store  to  sell  ice  cream.1081 
Sadly,  however,  the  ice  cream  in  Washington 
State will be for those with more sophisticated 
palates+IBQ-the  grantee  will  serve  only  a  few 
+IBw-herbal+IB0- flavors at a time and will not offer any 
sprinkles  since  he  is  +IBw-not  a  sprinkles  guy.+IB0-1082 
In  total,  the  USDA  paid  $267,703  of  taxpayer 
money to ice cream producers. 
Dairy  farmers+IBk-  creativity  doesn+IBk-t  stop  at 
artisanal  ice  cream.  In  Wisconsin  and  New 
York,  a  farmer  cooperative  and  creamery 
received  a  grant  to  expand  production  and 
marketing  of  organic  Greek  yogurt.1083  A 
Missouri  farm  will  be  using  a  grant  it  received 
also  to  produce  yogurt,  but  from  sheep+IBk-s 
milk.1084  A  farm  in  Pennsylvania  received  a 
grant as well to expand its yogurt business but 
will use some of the money to build its Mexican 
chocolate business.1085 
Other  grantees  really  stretched  their 
imagination  to  be  awarded  the  grants.  One 
grantee  in  New  York  used  the  money  to 
develop  +IBw-kosher  artisanal  raw  milk  cheese+IB0- 
produced from grass-fed cows.1086 The cheeses 
are made under strict Rabbinic supervision.1087 
Another  grantee  in  Florida  will  use  the  grant 
money it received to produce and market a line 
of  +IBw-goat  milk  soap  and  other  goat  milk  body 
care  products.+IB0-1088  The  soap  is  made  from  the 
farm+IBk-s +IBw-own dairy goats [with] combinations of 
Olive, Coconut, and Palm Oils.+IB0-1089 

Large  objects  may  be  hurtling  toward 
Earth,  but  despite  receiving  a  big  budget  for 
tracking  efforts,  NASA  has  no  idea  where 
most of them are. 
NASA  has  operated  the  Near-Earth 
Object  (NEO)  Program  since  1994,  when 
Congress  first  required  the  agency  start 
tracking all large NEOs within 28 million miles 
of Earth+IBk-s orbit.1090 The program is supposed 
to identify 90 percent of NEOs by 2020. 
Funding  for  the  program  has  grown 
exponentially from $4 million in 2009 to $40.5 
million this year.1091 NASA had been allocated 
$102 million  in  funding  for  this  program  since 
2008 alone.1092 
Despite  the  massive  funding  increases, 
earthlings  are  still  in  the  dark  about  what 
objects are floating in space
NASA  still  has  little  capability  to  identify 
NEOs because it has completely mismanaged 
the  program  and  will  not  make  its  2020 
goal,  according  to  the  Office  of  Inspector 
General  (OIG).1093  The  OIG  rung  up  NASA 
for  a  lack  of  collaboration,  integration,  and 
effective  internal  controls  as  reasons  for  the 
program+IBk-s  inability  to  accomplish  its  mission 
by 2020.1094 
Like  some  comets  in  orbit,  the  NEO 
Program  management  keeps  chasing 
its 
tail  by  not  adopting  measures  to  eliminate 
duplicative  efforts  between  NASA-funded 
observatories.  The  NEO  Program  has  not 
sought  to  establish  alliances  with  other 
governmental  agencies,  NASA  programs  or 
foreign  countries  in  conducting  its  work.  For 
instance,  both  the  Department  of  Defense 
and  the  National  Science  Foundation  have 
Earth-based  telescopes which  could  assist  in 
identifying  and  tracking NEOs.1095  Likewise, 
NASA+IBk-s  international  partner  could  greatly 
enhance the program+IBk-s capabilities. 1096 
Upon  examining  the  NEO  Program+IBk-s 
long-term strategic approach,  the OIG  report 
disclosed  that  a 
lack  of  comprehensive 
+IBw-strategic  plan,  integrated  master  schedule, 
and  cost  estimates+IB0-  have  plagued  program 
execution.1097 
In  short, 
the  program+IBk-s 
management seem to be lost in space. 

72

Medicaid 
Provider Taxes

States  are 
federal  Medicaid 
taxing 
payments to doctors and using the revenue to 
get  even  more  federal  funding,  a  trick  that  is 
worth billions of dollars a year. 
The  Medicaid  program  is  jointly  funded 
by  the  states  and  federal  government.  Uncle 
Sam  matches  a  fraction  of  the  funds  that 
states  allocate  toward  their  programs.  To 
boost  the  amount  of  funds  they  get  from 
Uncle Sam, states use these +IBw-provider taxes.+IB0- 
But  in many  cases, most  of  the  revenue  from 
the tax comes from federal payments already 
made by Medicaid. 
Provider 
taxes  cannot  be  applied 
specifically  to  Medicaid  providers,  but  they 
can  be  levied  against  specific  categories  of 
medical providers. The most commonly taxed 
is  one  in  which  the  federal  government  pays 
most  of  the  bills:  nursing  homes.  Medicaid 
covers  almost  half  of  the  cost  of  all  nursing 
home  care  nationwide,  and  Medicare  covers 
almost  one-quarter.1098  Forty-four  states 
use  this  tax  on  nursing  homes  to  gather 
more  federal  dollars  --  essentially  a  double 
benefit.1099  Other  oft-utilized  tax  categories 
include 
inpatient  and  outpatient  hospital 
services  and  facilities  for  individuals  with 
developmental disabilities. 
Congress  scaled  back  the  use  of  this 
practice in the +IBg-90s, but the loophole continues 
to  yield  billions  of  dollars 
in  unintended 
federal  spending  for  states.  In  2014  alone,  its 
estimated cost is $4-5 billion annually.1100 
All  Americans  should  have  access  to 
quality  health  care,  but  the  provider  tax 
gimmick  is  indicative  of  Congress+IBk-  ineptitude 
in  addressing  the  real 
issues  facing  the 
Medicaid program. 

WASTEBOOK 2014$1,253,30995$40.5 million96$4 billion97+AAw-Earmark Spends Taxpayer Money to 
Send Coal to Germany

Marketing Money 
for Little-Used 
Wisconsin Airport

Officials  at  the  Chippewa  Valley  Regional 
Airport  are  +IBw-pretty  convinced+IB0-  that  the  reason 
only  12% of air  travelers  in  the  region choose  the 
airport is because the others who do not are +IBw-just 
not aware of the services available.+IB0-1111 Most travel-
ers in the region choose to fly out of the Delta hub 
Minneapolis-St.  Paul  International  Airport  just  90 
minutes away.1112 
That explanation was good enough for the 
Federal  Aviation  Administration, which  award-
ed the airport $150,000 to market the airport+IBk-s 
services.1113 
But  what  really  drives  airport  choice?  Cost 
and convenience. 
Because  the  airport  only  serves  Chicago 
O+IBk-Hare International Airport, any destination other 
than Chicago requires a connection there, driving 
up the cost and inconvenience of the travel choice. 
For  example,  a  nonstop  round  trip weekend 
ticket  in  December  from  Minneapolis  to  Denver 
cost  around  $145.1114  The  same  ticket  departing 
from  Chippewa  Valley  Airport  costs  $433  and 
requires an hour layover in Chicago.1115 It is under-
standable  that  locals  would  choose  a  90  minute 
drive and a cheaper nonstop ticket over a shorter 
drive and a more expensive ticket with a layover. 
Even a round trip ticket to Chippewa Valley+IBk-s 
only destination, Chicago O+IBk-Hare, is cheaper out 
of Minneapolis ($92) than out of the regional air-
port ($178). 
Chippewa  Valley  Regional  Airport  can  mar-
ket  their  services,  but  in  an  age  where  online 
price-comparison for airfare is a click away, savvy 
travelers  will  always  pick  cheaper,  more  conve-
nient airfare despite any federally funded market-
ing scheme. 

What  some  have  called  +IBw-a  felony  theft 
of  the  taxpayers+IBk-  money,+IB0-  the  United  States 
is  forced  by  law  to  pay  for  the  mining  and 
shipping  of  anthracite  coal  to  U.S.  military 
bases in Germany.1101 
in  defense 
to  an  earmark 
Thanks 
appropriations  bills,  the  U.S.  Air  Force  must 
use American  anthracite  coal  to heat military 
bases  in Germany.1102  Introduced  in  the  1960s 
by the late Senator Daniel Flood, the earmark 
was  an  effort  to  preserve  his  Pennsylvania 
district +IBk-s  anthracite  coal 
industry.1103  The 
provision allows the DOD to implement +IBw-cost-
effective agreements+IB0- that include anthracite 
coal for heating military based  in Germany.1104 
But  the  Department  of  Defense  (DOD)  has 
tried for decades to end this earmark because 

it  wasted  hundreds  of  millions  of  dollars 
annually.1105  Over  thirty  years  ago,  the  DOD 
complained  that  the  military  had  no  use  for 
the  anthracite  coal  and  that  it  had  to  expend 
additional  resources  just  to  protect  the  coal 
from  the  elements.1106  The  DOD  also  argued 
that  it  was  more  cost-effective  to  purchase 
energy from local suppliers overseas.1107 
Ignoring  the  DOD+IBk-s  calls  to  end  this 
anthracite  coal  mandate,  the  provision  still 
remains 
in  annual  appropriations  bills.1108 
According  to  a  civilian  contracting  officer 
for  the  U.S.  Air  Force  in  Germany,  taxpayers 
purchased  about  9,000  tons  of  anthracite 
coal in 2013,1109 amounting to $638,910 in cost 
to taxpayers.1110 

Farmers Get Grant to Produce +IBw-Worm 
Power+IB0- Compost

These  earthworms  are  not  just  eating 
through  manure.  They  are  also  digesting 
taxpayer dollars. 
Worm  Power  received  two  new  grants 
this  year,  in  part  to  study  whether  its  novel 
worm-digested compost  is good  for plants.1116 
These  grants  are  the  eighth  and  ninth  the 
private company has received from the federal 
government  in  the  last  decade.  Though  the 
grants  came  from  federal  programs  that  are 
only supposed to consider the merits, they did 
receive  overt  assistance  from  U.S.  Senators 
Chuck  Schumer  and  Kirsten  Gillibrand  in 
securing the grant.1117 
Worm  Power  created  a  process  called 
vermicomposting, 
in  which  worms  eat 
through  cow manure  and  produce  a  disease-
preventing  mixture  of  soil  and  fertilizer.  +IBw-If  I 
want  to  have  eight  million  worms,+IB0-  said  the 
company+IBk-s  president,  +IBw-I  kinda  gotta  make 
sure everything is really running to keep them 
fat, dumb, and happy [sp].+IB0-1118 

Even  though  the  company  appears  to 
have  success  on  the  market,  it  continues 
to  worm  its  way  through  the  federal  dole. 
This  year +IBk-s  grants  +IBM-  both  coming  from  the 
U.S.  Department  of  Agriculture  (USDA)  +IBM- 
are  intended  to  help  the  company  make  its 
patented  system  more  mainstream.1119  One 
grant provided $100,000 to help the company 
+IBw-improve  the  profitability  of  hydroponic  baby 
leaf  spinach  production.+IB0-1120  The  other  gave 
the  company  $99,994  to  aid  its  development 
of a novel seed treatment product.1121 
Worm  Power  has  sold  organic  plant 
food products  for years, and  it has previously 
seen more  demand  than  it  can  handle.1122 The 
plant  food  sells  on  the website  from $6.95  to 
$129.95.1123 Development of a seed  treatment 
may  help  the  worms  break  into  an  industry 
worth over $3 billion annually.1124 
With  that  kind  of  success,  these  worms 
should  be  able  to  eat  their  own  dirt  rather 
than taxpayers+IBk-. 

73

WASTEBOOK 2014$150,00099$638,910$199,00098100+AAw-ENDNOTES

1 Eldridge, David. +IBw-113th Congress Could Yield Fewest Laws in 60 Years.+IB0- Web log post. 218 Blog. Roll Call, 22 Sept. 2014. Web. 17 Oct. 2014. <http://blogs.rollcall.
com/218/113th-congress-legacy-shutdowns-shoutdowns-gridlock/?dcz>. 
2 Dupree, Jaimee. +IBw-This is the earliest departure by the Congress for the elections since 1960, when lawmakers left DC on September 1.+IB0-18 September 2014, 5:45p.m. 
Tweet. <https://twitter.com/jamiedupree/status/512764338520604672>. 
3 Isikoff, Michael. +IBw-DOJ Accuses Firm that Vetted Snowden of Faking 665,000 Background Checks.+IB0- Nbcnews.com. NBC News. 23 January 2014. Web. <http://
investigations.nbcnews.com/_news/2014/01/23/.UuLBsYpJl1M.twitter>. 
4 The White House. Office of the Press Secretary. FACT SHEET: Emergency Supplemental Request to Address the Increase in Child and Adult Migration from Central 
America in the Rio Grande Valley Areas of the Southwest Border. Whitehouse.gov. N.p., 8 July 2014. Web. <http://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2014/07/08/
fact-sheet-emergency-supplemental-request-address-increase-child-and-adu>. 
5 Cowan, Richard. +IBw-Waves of Immigrant Minors Present Crisis for Obama, Congress.+IB0- Reuters.com. Reuters. 28 May 2014. <http://www.reuters.com/
article/2014/05/28/us-usa-immigration-children-idUSKBN0E814T20140528>. 
6 Department of Homeland Security, Office of Inspector General. U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement+IBk-s Management of the Federal Employees+IBk- Compensation 
Act Program. DHS-OIG. Rep. No.: OIG-14-105. Washington, D.C.: July 2014. Web. <http://www.oig.dhs.gov/assets/Mgmt/2014/OIG_14-105_Jul14.pdf>. 
7 Stein, Sam. +IBw-Ebola Vaccine Would Likely Have Been Found By Now If Not For Budget Cuts: NIH Director.+IB0- Huffingtonpost.com. TheHuffingtonPost.com Inc. 12 
October 2014. Web. <http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/10/12/ebola-vaccine_n_5974148.html>. 
8 Johnson, Judith. A History of NIH Funding. Congressional Research Service. 7 March 2014. 
9 Little, Joe. +IBw-Perceptions of Americans Change after 3-week Visit from Pakistani journalists.+IB0- 10news.com. ABC10 NEWS. 31 March 2014. Web. <http://www.10news.
com/news/perceptions-of-americans-change-after-3-week-visit-from-pakistani-journalists-03312014>. 
10 +IBw-Historical Tables,+IB0- The White House Office of Management and Budget, accessed 9 October 2014. Web. <http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/budget/historicals>. 
11+IBw- Monthly Budget Review for September 2014,+IB0- Congressional Budget Office, September 2014; <http://www.cbo.gov/sites/default/files/cbofiles/
attachments/49450-MBR.pdf >. 
12 U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 109th Congress +IBM- 1st Session. Vote on Coburn Amendment No. 2165 to H.R. 3058 As Modified. Web. <http://www.senate.gov/
legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=109&session=1&vote=00262>. 
13 +IBw-Oklahoma keeps unused airport open to collect federal checks +IBM- (OK) $450,000,+IB0- Wastebook 2012, Office of Senator Tom Coburn, M.D., October 2012. <http://
www.coburn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?a=Files.Serve&File_id=b7b23f66-2d60-4d5a-8bc5-8522c7e1a40e>. 
14 Correspondence from the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Grant Programs at the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development to the Executive Director of 
the Community Development Commission of the County of Los Angeles, October 16, 2012. 
+IBw-16) California towns sell federal grants to neighbors +IBM- (CA) $206,426,+IB0- Wastebook 2012, Office of Senator Tom Coburn, M.D., October 2012 <http://www.coburn.
senate.gov/public/index.cfm?a=Files.Serve&File_id=b7b23f66-2d60-4d5a-8bc5-8522c7e1a40e>. 
15 +IBw-#35, Science research dollars go to musical about biodiversity and climate change +IBM- (NY) $697,177,+IB0- Wastebook 2012, Office of Senator Tom Coburn, M.D., 
October 2012; <http://www.coburn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?a=Files.Serve&File_id=b7b23f66-2d60-4d5a-8bc5-8522c7e1a40e>. 
16 USAspending.gov. +IBw-Prime Award Spending Data: US Department of State.+IB0- PIID No. SBH20014M0253. <http://www.usaspending.gov/explore?fiscal_
year=all&comingfrom=searchresults&piid=SBH20014M0253&typeofview=complete>. 
17 Rein, Lisa. +IBw-Civil Servants Put On Paid Administrative Leave Can Get Stuck In an Ill-Defined Limbo.+IB0- Washingtonpost.com. The Washington Post. 30 December 2012. 
<http://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/style/civil-servants-accused-of-rule-breaking-can-get-stuck-in-an-ill-defined-limbo/2012/12/29/450ffc68-37e4-11e2-
8a97-363b0f9a0ab3_story.html>. 
18 +IBw-Pay & Leave Reference Materials.+IB0- Office of Personnel Management. Accessed via web. 26 September 2014. <http://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/pay-
leave/reference-materials/>. 
19 This is an extremely low estimate. The actual amount of money federal agencies spent paying the salaries of employees on administrative leave status is likely much 
higher. This number is based on a small sample of data we received from 11 agencies. 
20 Data provided by the Government Accountability Office, October 2014. 
21 Rein, Lisa. +IBw-Civil Servants Put On Paid Administrative Leave Can Get Stuck In an Ill-Defined Limbo.+IB0- Washingtonpost.com. The Washington Post. 30 December 2012. 
<http://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/style/civil-servants-accused-of-rule-breaking-can-get-stuck-in-an-ill-defined-limbo/2012/12/29/450ffc68-37e4-11e2-
8a97-363b0f9a0ab3_story.html>. 
22 U.S. Department of Defense, Office of Inspector General. Alleged Misconduct: Mr. Stephen E. Calvery, Senior Executive Service, Director, Pentagon Force Protection 
Agency. Report No. 20121204-000911, 20 February 2013.Web. <http://www.dodig.mil/FOIA/err/CalveryROI(Redacted).pdf>. 
23 Data provided by the Government Accountability Office, October 2014. 
24 Data provided by the Government Accountability Office, October 2014. 
25 Data provided by the Government Accountability Office, October 2014. 
26 Data provided by the Government Accountability Office, October 2014. 
27 Authority for administrative leave comes from the federal statute governing annual and sick leave and its accompanying Office of Personnel Management (OPM) 
regulations that guideline removal and suspension procedures for employees facing adverse actions. See 5 U.S.C. +AKc- 6104, 6302(a); 5 C.F.R. +AKc- 752.404(b)(3)(iv). 
28 Data provided by the Government Accountability Office, October 2014. 
29 Data provided by the Government Accountability Office, October 2014. 
30 Data provided by the Government Accountability Office, October 2014. 
31 Martosko, David. +IBw-Lois Lerner, Embattled Official at the Heart of IRS Tea Party Scandal, Retires With Full Pension Likely Worth More Than $50,000 as an Internal 
Review Called for Her Firing.+IB0- Dailymail.co.uk. Associated Newspapers Ltd. 23 September 2013. <http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2430174/Lois-Lerner-

74

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-embattled-official-heart-IRS-tea-party-scandal-retire-pension-likely-50-000-year-Congress-seeks-answers.html#ixzz3EFn3RAQY>. 
32 Dilanian, Ken. +IBw-CIA Suspends Chief of Iran Operations Over Workplace Issues.+IB0- Latimes.com. Los Angeles Times. 16 March 2014. < http://articles.latimes.com/2014/
mar/16/nation/la-na-cia-workplace-20140317>. 
33 Leonnig, Carol D. and David Nakamura. +IBw-Secret Service Agents Sent Home From Netherlands Were Warned To Avoid Trouble.+IB0- Washingtonpost.com. The 
Washington Post. 26 March 2014. <http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/secret-service-agents-on-obama-detail-sent-home-from-netherlands-after-night-of-
drinking/2014/03/26/86d1a8a6-b4e6-11e3-8020-b2d790b3c9e1_story.html?clsrd>. 
34 Subcommittee on Financial and Contracting Oversight. +IBw-Investigation into Allegations of Misconduct by the Former Acting and Deputy Inspector General of the 
Department of Homeland Security.+IB0- United States Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 24 April 2014. <http://www.ronjohnson.senate.
gov/public/_cache/files/4f916bda-8373-4ac8-b2cd-4d0ba115e279/fco-report-investigation-into-allegations-of-misconduct-by-the-former-acting-and-deputy-
inspector-general-of-the-department-of-homeland.pdf>. 
35 Hicks, Josh. +IBw-Commerce Inspector General Places Two Officials on Leave After Call for Firings.+IB0- Washingtonpost.com. The Washington Post. 7 August 2014. <http://
www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/federal-eye/wp/2014/08/07/commerce-inspector-general-places-two-officials-on-leave-after-call-for-firings/>. 
36 Kachmar, Kala. +IBw-Ala. VA Employee Accused of Sexually Abusing Patient.+IB0- Montgomeryadvertiser.com. Gannett. 25 August 2014. <http://www.
montgomeryadvertiser.com/story/news/2014/08/25/tuskegee-va-employee-arrested-for-sexually-abusing-patient/14583555/>. 
37 Kachmar, Kala. +IBw-Tuskegee VA Employee Charged with DUI, Still Employed.+IB0- Montgomeryadvertiser.com. Gannett. 21 September 2014. <http://www.
montgomeryadvertiser.com/story/news/local/2014/09/21/tuskegee-va-employee-charged-dui-still-employed/15998469/>. 
38 Troyan, Mary. +IBw-Nashville VA Employee Resigned before Facing Disciplinary Measures.+IB0- Tennessean.com. Gannett. 7 September 2014. <http://www.tennessean.com/
story/news/2014/09/08/nashville-va-employee-resigned-facing-disciplinary-measures/15269411/>. 
39 Troyan, Mary. +IBw-Nashville VA Employee Resigned before Facing Disciplinary Measures.+IB0- Tennessean.com. Gannett. 7 September 2014. <http://www.tennessean.com/
story/news/2014/09/08/nashville-va-employee-resigned-facing-disciplinary-measures/15269411/>. 
40 Kachmar, Kala. +IBw-Report: VA Employee Took Recovering Vet to Crack House.+IB0- Montgomeryadvertiser.com. Gannett. 16 August 2014. <http://www.
montgomeryadvertiser.com/story/news/local/alabama/2014/08/17/report-va-employee-took-recovering-vet-crack-house/14190573/>. 
41 Gore, Leada. +IBw-Director, Chief of Staff of Central Alabama VA Placed on Administrative Leave.+IB0- Al.com. Alabama Media Group. 21 August 2014. <http://www.al.com/
news/index.ssf/2014/08/director_chief_of_staff_of_cen.html>. 
42 Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014, Public Law No: 113-146, 7 August 2014. 
43 The White House. Office of the Press Secretary. Remarks by the President at the Signing of the Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act. 7 August 2014. 
<http://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2014/08/07/remarks-president-signing-veterans-access-choice-and-accountability-act>. 
44 Troyan, Mary. +IBw-Law Making It Easier to Fire VA Executives Still Unused.+IB0- Montgomeryadvertiser.com. Gannett. 5 September 2014. <http://www.
montgomeryadvertiser.com/story/news/local/alabama/2014/09/05/law-making-easier-fire-va-executives-still-unused/15115237/>. 
45 U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Office of Inspector General. Administrative Investigation: Failure to Properly Supervise, Misuse of Official Time and Resources, 
and Prohibited Personnel Practice VA Center for Innovation VA Central Office. Report No. 13-01488-86, 24 February 2014. Web. <http://www.va.gov/oig/pubs/VAOIG-
13-01488-86r.pdf>. 
46 Letter from SSA to Senator Coburn, August 20, 2014. 
47 Letter from SSA to Senator Coburn, August 20, 2014. 
48 Letter from DHS to Senator Coburn, August 21, 2014. 
49 Letter from DHS to Senator Coburn, August 21, 2014. 
50 Letter from DHS to Senator Coburn, August 21, 2014. 
51 Leonnig, Carol D. and David Nakamura. +IBw-Secret Service Agents Sent Home From Netherlands Were Warned To Avoid Trouble.+IB0- Washingtonpost.com. The 
Washington Post. 26 March 2014. <http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/secret-service-agents-on-obama-detail-sent-home-from-netherlands-after-night-of-
drinking/2014/03/26/86d1a8a6-b4e6-11e3-8020-b2d790b3c9e1_story.html?clsrd>. 
52 Leonnig, Carol D., David Nakamura, and Michael Birnbaum. +IBw-Secret Service Incident in Netherlands Was on Heels of Car Wreck During Obama+IBk-s Miami Trip.+IB0- 
Washingtonpost.com. The Washington Post. 26 March 2014. <http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/secret-service-agents-sent-home-from-netherlands-were-
warned-to-avoid-trouble/2014/03/26/ff01c618-b54e-11e3-8020-b2d790b3c9e1_story.html>. 
53 Lederman, Josh. +IBw-Secret Service Agent Found Drunk in Hotel Room.+IB0- Ap.org. The Associated Press. 26 March 2014. <http://bigstory.ap.org/article/3-secret-service-
agents-benched-obama-trip-0>. 
54 Leonnig, Carol D., David Nakamura, and Michael Birnbaum. +IBw-Secret Service Incident in Netherlands Was on Heels of Car Wreck During Obama+IBk-s Miami Trip.+IB0- 
Washingtonpost.com. The Washington Post. 26 March 2014. <http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/secret-service-agents-sent-home-from-netherlands-were-
warned-to-avoid-trouble/2014/03/26/ff01c618-b54e-11e3-8020-b2d790b3c9e1_story.html>. 
55Leonnig, Carol D., David Nakamura, and Michael Birnbaum. +IBw-Secret Service Incident in Netherlands Was on Heels of Car Wreck During Obama+IBk-s Miami Trip.+IB0- 
Washingtonpost.com. The Washington Post. 26 March 2014. <http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/secret-service-agents-sent-home-from-netherlands-were-
warned-to-avoid-trouble/2014/03/26/ff01c618-b54e-11e3-8020-b2d790b3c9e1_story.html>. 
56 +IBw-SALARY TABLE 2014-GS INCORPORATING THE 1% GENERAL SCHEDULE INCREASE EFFECTIVE JANUARY 2014.+IB0- Office of Personnel Management. Accessed 
via web. 23 September 2014. <http://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/pay-leave/salaries-wages/salary-tables/pdf/2014/saltbl.pdf>. 
57 Leonnig, Carol D. and David Nakamura. +IBw-Secret Service Agents Sent Home From Netherlands Were Warned To Avoid Trouble.+IB0- Washingtonpost.com. The 
Washington Post. 26 March 2014. <http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/secret-service-agents-on-obama-detail-sent-home-from-netherlands-after-night-of-
drinking/2014/03/26/86d1a8a6-b4e6-11e3-8020-b2d790b3c9e1_story.html?clsrd>. 
58 Leonnig, Carol D., David Nakamura, and Michael Birnbaum. +IBw-Secret Service Incident in Netherlands Was on Heels of Car Wreck During Obama+IBk-s Miami Trip.+IB0- 
Washingtonpost.com. The Washington Post. 26 March 2014. <http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/secret-service-agents-sent-home-from-netherlands-were-
warned-to-avoid-trouble/2014/03/26/ff01c618-b54e-11e3-8020-b2d790b3c9e1_story.html>. 
59 Martosko, David +IBw-+IBg-How much pornography would it take for an EPA employee to lose their job?+IBk- Congress fumes as daily porn-surfing worker is STILL collecting 
$120,000 Salary.+IB0- Dailymail.co.uk. Associated Newspapers Ltd. 7 May 2014. <http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2622503/How-pornography-EPA-employee-
lose-job-Congress-fumes-daily-porn-surfing-EPA-employee-STILL-collecting-120-000-salary.html>. 
60 Statement by Allan Williams, Deputy Assistant Inspector General for Investigations, before the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform U.S. House of 
Representatives. +IBw-The Office of Inspector General+IBk-s Cases of Employee Misconduct at the Environmental Protection Agency.+IB0- 7 May 2014 <http://oversight.house.gov/
wp-content/uploads/2014/05/Williams-Statement.pdf>. 
61 Martosko, David +IBw-+IBg-How much pornography would it take for an EPA employee to lose their job?+IBk- Congress fumes as daily porn-surfing worker is STILL collecting 

75

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-$120,000 Salary.+IB0- Dailymail.co.uk. Associated Newspapers Ltd. 7 May 2014. <http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2622503/How-pornography-EPA-employee-
lose-job-Congress-fumes-daily-porn-surfing-EPA-employee-STILL-collecting-120-000-salary.html>. 
62 Martosko, David +IBw-+IBg-How much pornography would it take for an EPA employee to lose their job?+IBk- Congress fumes as daily porn-surfing worker is STILL collecting 
$120,000 Salary.+IB0- Dailymail.co.uk. Associated Newspapers Ltd. 7 May 2014. <http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2622503/How-pornography-EPA-employee-
lose-job-Congress-fumes-daily-porn-surfing-EPA-employee-STILL-collecting-120-000-salary.html>. 
63 Martosko, David +IBw-+IBg-How much pornography would it take for an EPA employee to lose their job?+IBk- Congress fumes as daily porn-surfing worker is STILL collecting 
$120,000 Salary.+IB0- Dailymail.co.uk. Associated Newspapers Ltd. 7 May 2014. <http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2622503/How-pornography-EPA-employee-
lose-job-Congress-fumes-daily-porn-surfing-EPA-employee-STILL-collecting-120-000-salary.html>. 
64 Wagner, Dennis. +IBw-Auditor Ties VA Waits to Deaths.+IB0- AZcentral.com. The Republic. 17 September 2014. <http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/politics/
investigations/2014/09/17/va-inspector-general-delayed-care-may-have-contributed-deaths/15793641/>. 
65 Skoloff, Brian +IBw-3 On Leave Over Allegations On Phoenix Vet Care,+IB0- ap.org. The Associated Press. 1 May 2014 <http://bigstory.ap.org/article/3-leave-over-
allegations-phoenix-vet-care>. 
66 Harris, Craig. +IBw-Phoenix VA: Ousted Exec Keeps Salary While on Leave.+IB0- AZcentral.com. The Republic. 20 June 2014. <http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/
politics/2014/06/20/phoenix-va-ousted-exec-keeps-salary-leave/11101981/>. 
67 U.S. Treasury Inspector General. Inappropriate Criteria Were Used to Identify Tax-Exempt Applications for Review. Reference No. 2013-10-053. 14 May 2013. <http://
www.treasury.gov/tigta/auditreports/2013reports/201310053fr.pdf>. 
68 Stein, Sam. +IBw-Obama On IRS Scandal: +IBg-I Have Got No Patience+IBk- For It,+IB0- huffingtonpost.com. TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. 13 May 2014; <http://www.huffingtonpost.
com/2013/05/13/obama-irs-scandal_n_3266577.html>. 
69 U.S. Treasury Inspector General. Inappropriate Criteria Were Used to Identify Tax-Exempt Applications for Review. Reference No. 2013-10-053. 14 May 2013. <http://
www.treasury.gov/tigta/auditreports/2013reports/201310053fr.pdf>. 
70 McKinnon, John K. +IBw-U.S. Judge Orders IRS to Explain Lost Emails.+IB0- Wsj.com. Wall Street Journal. 10 July 2014. <http://online.wsj.com/articles/u-s-judge-orders-irs-
to-explain-lost-emails-1405015820>. 
71 Martosko, David. +IBw-Unearthed emails show embattled IRS official knew her agency was secretly targeting conservative groups,+IB0- dailymail.co.uk. Associated 
Newspapers, Ltd. 12 September 2013. <http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2419512/Lois-Lerner-emails-IRS-official-knew-agency-targeted-conservative-
groups.html>. 
72 Bade, Rachel. +IBw-Timeline of IRS Scandal.+IB0- Politico.com. Politico LLC. 22 September 2014. <http://www.politico.com/story/2014/09/timeline-of-the-irs-
scandal-111185.html>. 
73 Foster, Daniel. +IBw-Firing Lois Lerner.+IB0- Nationalreview.org. National Review Online. 23 May 2013. <http://www.nationalreview.com/article/349115/firing-lois-lerner-
daniel-foster>. 
74 Martosko, David. +IBw-Lois Lerner, Embattled Official at the Heart of IRS Tea Party Scandal, Retires with Full Pension Likely Worth More than $50,000 as an Internal 
Review Called for Her Firing.+IB0- Dailymail.co.uk. Associated Newspapers, Ltd. 23 September 2013. <http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2430174/Lois-Lerner-
embattled-official-heart-IRS-tea-party-scandal-retire-pension-likely-50-000-year-Congress-seeks-answers.html#ixzz3EFn3RAQY>. 
75 Kachmar, Kala. +IBw-Report: VA Employee Took Recovering Vet to Crack House.+IB0- Montgomeryadvertiser.com. Gannett. 16 August 2014. <http://www.
montgomeryadvertiser.com/story/news/local/alabama/2014/08/17/report-va-employee-took-recovering-vet-crack-house/14190573/>. 
76 Kachmar, Kala. +IBw-Report: VA Employee Took Recovering Vet to Crack House.+IB0- Montgomeryadvertiser.com. Gannett. 16 August 2014. <http://www.
montgomeryadvertiser.com/story/news/local/alabama/2014/08/17/report-va-employee-took-recovering-vet-crack-house/14190573/>. 
77Hicks, Josh. +IBw-Commerce Inspector General Places Two Officials on Leave After Call for Firings.+IB0- Washingtonpost.com. The Washington Post. 7 August 2014. <http://
www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/federal-eye/wp/2014/08/07/commerce-inspector-general-places-two-officials-on-leave-after-call-for-firings/>. 
78 Leada Gore, +IBw-Director, chief of staff of Central Alabama VA placed on administrative leave,+IB0- AL.com, August 21, 2014; http://www.al.com/news/index.ssf/2014/08/
director_chief_of_staff_of_cen.html . 
79 Rawls, Phillip. +IBw-VA Worker in Alabama Charged with Sexual Abuse.+IB0- Washingtontimes.com. Associated Press. 19 August 2014. <http://www.washingtontimes.com/
news/2014/aug/19/va-employee-in-alabama-charged-with-sexual-abuse/#ixzz3E9poxAwe>. 
80 Kachmar, Kala. +IBw-Ala. VA Employee Accused of Sexually Abusing Patient.+IB0- Montgomeryadvertiser.com. Gannett. 25 August 2014. <http://www.
montgomeryadvertiser.com/story/news/2014/08/25/tuskegee-va-employee-arrested-for-sexually-abusing-patient/14583555/>. 
81 Kachmar, Kala +IBw-Tuskegee VA Patient Charged with Sexual Abuse.+IB0- Montgomeryadvertiser.com. Gannett. 19 August 2014. <http://www.montgomeryadvertiser.com/
story/news/2014/08/19/tuskegee-va-employee-charged-with-sexual-abuse/14285917/>. 
82 Kachmar, Kala. +IBw-Tuskegee VA Employee Charged with DUI, Still Employed.+IB0- Montgomeryadvertiser.com. Gannett. 21 September 2014. <http://www.
montgomeryadvertiser.com/story/news/local/2014/09/21/tuskegee-va-employee-charged-dui-still-employed/15998469/>. 
83 Kachmar, Kala. +IBw-Tuskegee VA Employee Charged with DUI, Still Employed.+IB0- Montgomeryadvertiser.com. Gannett. 21 September 2014. <http://www.
montgomeryadvertiser.com/story/news/local/2014/09/21/tuskegee-va-employee-charged-dui-still-employed/15998469/>. 
84 Kachmar, Kala. +IBw-Ala. VA Employee Accused of Sexually Abusing Patient.+IB0- Montgomeryadvertiser.com. Gannett. 25 August 2014. <http://www.
montgomeryadvertiser.com/story/news/2014/08/25/tuskegee-va-employee-arrested-for-sexually-abusing-patient/14583555/>. 
85 Kachmar, Kala. +IBw-Ala. VA Employee Accused of Sexually Abusing Patient.+IB0- Montgomeryadvertiser.com. Gannett. 25 August 2014. <http://www.
montgomeryadvertiser.com/story/news/2014/08/25/tuskegee-va-employee-arrested-for-sexually-abusing-patient/14583555/>. 
86 Kachmar, Kala. +IBw-Ala. VA Employee Accused of Sexually Abusing Patient.+IB0- Montgomeryadvertiser.com. Gannett. 25 August 2014. <http://www.
montgomeryadvertiser.com/story/news/2014/08/25/tuskegee-va-employee-arrested-for-sexually-abusing-patient/14583555/>. 
87 Tschida, Stephen. +IBw-NIH Police Officer Accused of Road Rage.+IB0- Wjla.com. WJLA ABC 7. 6 June 2014 <http://www.wjla.com/articles/2014/06/nih-police-officer-
accused-of-road-rage-103868.html>. 
88 Tschida, Stephen. +IBw-NIH Police Officer Accused of Road Rage.+IB0- Wjla.com. WJLA ABC 7. 6 June 2014 <http://www.wjla.com/articles/2014/06/nih-police-officer-
accused-of-road-rage-103868.html>. 
89 Dilanian, Ken. +IBw-CIA Suspends Chief of Iran Operations Over Workplace Issues.+IB0- Latimes.com. Los Angeles Times. 16 March 2014. < http://articles.latimes.com/2014/
mar/16/nation/la-na-cia-workplace-20140317>. 
90 Dilanian, Ken. +IBw-CIA Suspends Chief of Iran Operations Over Workplace Issues.+IB0- Latimes.com. Los Angeles Times. 16 March 2014. < http://articles.latimes.com/2014/
mar/16/nation/la-na-cia-workplace-20140317>. 
91 Dilanian, Ken. +IBw-Bad Management Drives Talent from CIA, Internal Reports Suggest.+IB0- Latimes.com. Los Angeles Times. 29 July 2013. <http://articles.latimes.
com/2013/jul/29/nation/la-na-cia-management-20130730>. 

76

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-92Dilanian, Ken. +IBw-Bad Management Drives Talent from CIA, Internal Reports Suggest.+IB0- Latimes.com. Los Angeles Times. 29 July 2013. <http://articles.latimes.
com/2013/jul/29/nation/la-na-cia-management-20130730>. 
93 Troyan, Mary. +IBw-Nashville VA Employee Resigned before Facing Disciplinary Measures.+IB0- Tennessean.com. Gannett. 7 September 2014. <http://www.tennessean.com/
story/news/2014/09/08/nashville-va-employee-resigned-facing-disciplinary-measures/15269411/>. 
94 U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Office of Inspector General. Administrative Investigation: Failure to Properly Supervise, Misuse of Official Time and Resources, 
and Prohibited Personnel Practice VA Center for Innovation VA Central Office. Report No. 13-01488-86, 24 February 2014. Web. <http://www.va.gov/oig/pubs/VAOIG-
13-01488-86r.pdf>. 
95 Shane, Leo, III. +IBw-IG: Managers Let VA Employee Get Away with Cheating Agency.+IB0- Militarytimes.com. Gannett. 4 March 2014. <http://www.militarytimes.com/
article/20140304/NEWS/303040012/IG-Managers-let-VA-employee-get-away-cheating-agency>. 
96 U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Office of Inspector General. Administrative Investigation: Failure to Properly Supervise, Misuse of Official Time and Resources, 
and Prohibited Personnel Practice VA Center for Innovation VA Central Office. Report No. 13-01488-86, 24 February 2014. Web. <http://www.va.gov/oig/pubs/VAOIG-
13-01488-86r.pdf>. 
97 U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Office of Inspector General. Administrative Investigation: Failure to Properly Supervise, Misuse of Official Time and Resources, 
and Prohibited Personnel Practice VA Center for Innovation VA Central Office. Report No. 13-01488-86, 24 February 2014. Web. <http://www.va.gov/oig/pubs/VAOIG-
13-01488-86r.pdf>. 
98 U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Office of Inspector General. Administrative Investigation: Failure to Properly Supervise, Misuse of Official Time and Resources, 
and Prohibited Personnel Practice VA Center for Innovation VA Central Office. Report No. 13-01488-86, 24 February 2014. Web. <http://www.va.gov/oig/pubs/VAOIG-
13-01488-86r.pdf>. 
99 U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Office of Inspector General. Administrative Investigation: Failure to Properly Supervise, Misuse of Official Time and Resources, 
and Prohibited Personnel Practice VA Center for Innovation VA Central Office. Report No. 13-01488-86, 24 February 2014. Web. <http://www.va.gov/oig/pubs/VAOIG-
13-01488-86r.pdf>. 
100 U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Office of Inspector General. Administrative Investigation: Failure to Properly Supervise, Misuse of Official Time and Resources, 
and Prohibited Personnel Practice VA Center for Innovation VA Central Office. Report No. 13-01488-86, 24 February 2014. Web. <http://www.va.gov/oig/pubs/VAOIG-
13-01488-86r.pdf>. 
101 This amount is an extremely low estimate. The actual amount of money federal agencies spent on the salaries of employees on administrative leave status is likely 
much higher. This number is based on a small sample of data we received from 11 agencies. 
118 Lukits, Ann. +IBw-After Exercise, Massage as Fast as a Rabbit.+IB0- Wsj.com. Wall Street Journal. 10 June 2013. <http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424127887324
634304578537492538857534>. 
119 Massage Therapy in Eccentric Exercise Induced Muscle Weakness and Inflammation. +IBw-Project Information 5R01AT004922-04,+IB0- National Institutes of Health 
Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tools website, page last updated on 15 October 2014, accessed 15 October 2014. <http://projectreporter.nih.gov/project_info_
details.cfm?aid=8290073&icde=21622004>. 
120 Haas, Caroline, Timothy Butterfield, Sarah Abshire, Yi Zhao, Xiaoli Zhang, David Jarjoura, and Thomas Best. +IBw-Massage Timing Affects Postexercise Muscle 
Recovery and Inflammation in a Rabbit Model.+IB0- Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise. 2013 June; 45(6): 1105-1112. Epub 1 June 2014. <http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/
pmc/articles/PMC3632662/>. 
121 Haas, Caroline, Timothy Butterfield, Sarah Abshire, Yi Zhao, Xiaoli Zhang, David Jarjoura, and Thomas Best. +IBw-Massage Timing Affects Postexercise Muscle Recovery 
and Inflammation in a Rabbit Model.+IB0- Medicine & Science 
in Sports & Exercise. 2013 June; 45(6): 1105-1112. Epub 1 June 2014. <http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3632662/>. 
122 Wang, Qian, Hansong Zeng, Thomas M. Best, Caroline Haas, Ned T. Heffner, Sudha Agarwal, and Yi Zhao. +IBw-A Mechatronic System for Quantitative Application and 
Assessment of Massage-Like Actions in Small Animals.+IB0- Annals of Biomedical Engineering 42.1 (2014): 36-49. Web. <http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23943071>. 
123 Massage Therapy in Eccentric Exercise Induced Muscle Weakness and Inflammation. +IBw-Project Information 5R01AT004922-04,+IB0- National Institutes of Health 
Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tools website, page last updated on 15 October 2014, accessed 15 October 2014. <http://projectreporter.nih.gov/project_info_
details.cfm?aid=8290073&icde=21622004>. 
124 Caldwell, Emily. +IBw-Study: Massaging Muscles Facilitates Recovery After Exercise.+IB0- Researchnews.osu.edu. The Ohio State University. 12 August 2008. <http://
researchnews.osu.edu/archive/compload.htm>. 
125 Caldwell, Emily. +IBw-Study: Massaging Muscles Facilitates Recovery After Exercise.+IB0- Researchnews.osu.edu. The Ohio State University. 12 August 2008. <http://
researchnews.osu.edu/archive/compload.htm>. 
126 Haas, Caroline, Timothy Butterfield, Sarah Abshire, Yi Zhao, Xiaoli Zhang, David Jarjoura, and Thomas Best. +IBw-Massage Timing Affects Postexercise Muscle 
Recovery and Inflammation in a Rabbit Model.+IB0- Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise. 2013 June; 45(6): 1105-1112. Epub 1 June 2014. <http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/
pmc/articles/PMC3632662/>. 
127 Massage Therapy in Eccentric Exercise Induced Muscle Weakness and Inflammation. +IBw-Project Information 5R01AT004922-04,+IB0- National Institutes of Health 
Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tools website, page last updated on 15 October 2014, accessed 15 October 2014. <http://projectreporter.nih.gov/project_info_
details.cfm?aid=8290073&icde=21622004>. 
128 Massage Therapy in Eccentric Exercise Induced Muscle Weakness and Inflammation. +IBw-Project Information 5R01AT004922-04,+IB0- National Institutes of Health 
Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tools website, page last updated on 15 October 2014, accessed 15 October 2014. <http://projectreporter.nih.gov/project_info_
details.cfm?aid=8290073&icde=21622004>. 
129 Brown, T.C. +IBw-Rx: Engineering.+IB0- Engineering.osu.edu. The Ohio State University College of Engineering. 22 December 2011. <https://engineering.osu.edu/
news/2011/12/rx-engineering>. 
130 Sinclair, Brendan, +IBw-America+IBk-s Army Bill: $32.8 Million,+IB0- GameSpot.com, CBS Interactive Inc. 8 December 2009. <http://www.gamespot.com/articles/americas-
army-bill-328-million/1100-6242635/>. 
131 Hodes, Jacob, and Emma Ruby-Sachs, +IBw-+IBk-America+IBk-s Army+IBk- Targets Youth,+IB0- TheNation.com, The Nation. 23 August 2002. <http://www.thenation.com/article/
americas-army-targets-youth#>. 
132 Email from the Congressional Research Service to minority staff of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee on October 8, 2014. 
133 Sinclair, Brendan, +IBw-America+IBk-s Army Bill: $32.8 Million,+IB0- GameSpot.com, CBS Interactive Inc. 8 December 2009. <http://www.gamespot.com/articles/americas-
army-bill-328-million/1100-6242635/>. 
134 +IBw-Topic: Exploiting Terrorist Use of Games & Virtual Environments,+IB0- NSA, 2007, http://cryptome.org/2013/12/nsa-spy-games.pdf, accessed September 26, 2014. 
135 Kyle Orland, +IBw-Snowden leak examines gaming as a terrorist propaganda and training tool,+IB0- ARS Tecnica, December 9, 2013, http://arstechnica.com/
gaming/2013/12/snowden-leak-examines-gaming-as-a-terrorist-propaganda-and-training-tool/ 

77

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-136 +IBw-Topic: Exploiting Terrorist Use of Games & Virtual Environments,+IB0- NSA, 2007, http://cryptome.org/2013/12/nsa-spy-games.pdf, accessed September 26, 2014. 
137 News Release, +IBw-RFI-4 New Mission: Intercept.+IB0- Americasarmy.com. America+IBk-s Army. 24 September 24, 2014, http://news.americasarmy.com/rfi-4-new-mission-
intercept/. 
138 +IBw-America+IBk-s Army: The Official U.S. Army Game,+IB0- Facebook page, September 24, 2014 post, <https://www.facebook.com/pages/Americas-Army-The-Official-US-
Army-Game/81797167460>. accessed September 26, 2014. 
139 Tim Stephens, +IBw-Study of mountain lion energetics shows the power of the pounce,+IB0- University of California-Santa Cruz News Center, October 2, 2014; http://news.
ucsc.edu/2014/10/puma-energetics.html . 
140 +IBw-The National Science Foundation: Under the Microscope,+IB0- Office of Senator Tom Coburn, M.D., April 2011; http://www.coburn.senate.gov/public/index.
cfm?a=Files.serve&File_id=2dccf06d-65fe-4087-b58d-b43ff68987fa . 
141 Justin D Foster, et. al., +IBw-A freely-moving monkey treadmill model,+IB0- Journal of Neural Engineering, August 6, 2014; http://iopscience.iop.org/1741-2552/11/4/046020/
pdf/1741-2552_11_4_046020.pdf . 
142 +IBw-Veterinary Student Spends the Summer Studying Hypertension,+IB0- Louisiana State University School of Veterinary Medicine 2009-2010 Research Report, https://
www1.vetmed.lsu.edu/PDFs/item22608.pdf . 
143 J. A. Davidson and D. K. Beede, +IBw-Exercise training of late-pregnant and nonpregnant dairy cows affects physical fitness and acid-base homeostasis,+IB0- Journal of 
Dairy Science, Vol. 92, No. 2, 2009; http://www.journalofdairyscience.org/article/S0022-0302(09)70359-5/pdf . 
144 Arnold, Allison S; Lee, David V; Biewener, Andrew A, +IBw-Modulation of joint moments and work in the goat hindlimb with locomotor speed and surface grade,+IB0- The 
Journal of experimental biology. 2013 Jun 15; 216 (Pt 12) :2201-12. http://projectreporter.nih.gov/project_info_description.cfm?aid=7080442&icde=22168695 
145 +IBw-ANIMA (Accelerometer Network Integrator for Mobile Animals), a New Instrument Package for Integrating Behavior, Physiology and Ecology of Wild Mammals,+IB0- 
Award Abstract #0963022, National Science Foundation award database website, accessed October 17, 2014; http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_
ID=0963022&HistoricalAwards=false . 
146 Tim Stephens, +IBw-Study of mountain lion energetics shows the power of the pounce,+IB0- University of California-Santa Cruz News Center, October 2, 2014; http://news.
ucsc.edu/2014/10/puma-energetics.html . 
147 Tim Stephens, +IBw-Study of mountain lion energetics shows the power of the pounce,+IB0- University of California-Santa Cruz News Center, October 2, 2014; http://news.
ucsc.edu/2014/10/puma-energetics.html . 
148 Tim Stephens, +IBw-Study of mountain lion energetics shows the power of the pounce,+IB0- University of California-Santa Cruz News Center, October 2, 2014; http://news.
ucsc.edu/2014/10/puma-energetics.html . 
149 Tim Stephens, +IBw-Study of mountain lion energetics shows the power of the pounce,+IB0- University of California-Santa Cruz News Center, October 2, 2014; http://news.
ucsc.edu/2014/10/puma-energetics.html . 
150 Tim Stephens, +IBw-Study of mountain lion energetics shows the power of the pounce,+IB0- University of California-Santa Cruz News Center, October 2, 2014; http://news.
ucsc.edu/2014/10/puma-energetics.html . 
151 +IBw-ANIMA (Accelerometer Network Integrator for Mobile Animals), a New Instrument Package for Integrating Behavior, Physiology and Ecology of Wild Mammals,+IB0- 
Award Abstract #0963022, National Science Foundation award database website, accessed October 17, 2014; http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_
ID=0963022&HistoricalAwards=false . 
152 +IBw-ANIMA (Accelerometer Network Integrator for Mobile Animals), a New Instrument Package for Integrating Behavior, Physiology and Ecology of Wild Mammals,+IB0- 
Award Abstract #0963022, National Science Foundation award database website, accessed October 17, 2014; http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_
ID=0963022&HistoricalAwards=false . 
153 Shenon, Philip and Kevin Flynn. +IBw-THREATS AND RESPONSES: WITNESSES; Mayor Tells Panel +IBg-Pork Barrel Politics+IBk- Is Increasing Risk of Terrorism for City.+IB0- Nyimes.
com. The New York Times Company. 20 May 2004. <http://www.nytimes.com/2004/05/20/nyregion/threats-responses-witnesses-mayor-tells-panel-pork-barrel-
politics-increasing.html>. 
154 +IBw-Notice of Availability of State and Federal Funds: Fiscal Year 2013 Tactical Team Grant Program.+IB0- Ny.gov. Website of the State of New York. 11 September 2013. 
<http://docs.dos.ny.gov/info/register/2013/sept11/pdf/availability.pdf>. 
155 Davies, Jerry. +IBw-Eighth Annual Farmers Insurance Study Ranks the Most Secure Places to Live in the U.S.+IB0- Farmers Insurance. Press Release. 15 December 2011. 
Web. http://www.farmers.com/12_15_11_SecureCities.html>. 
156 Davies, Jerry. +IBw-Eighth Annual Farmers Insurance Study Ranks the Most Secure Places to Live in the U.S.+IB0- Farmers Insurance. Press Release. 15 December 2011. 
Web. http://www.farmers.com/12_15_11_SecureCities.html>. 
157 Website of the Ithaca Police Department, accessed 15 October 2014. <http://cityofithaca.org/departments/ipd/index.cfm>. 
158 Williamson, Jamie. +IBw-Ithaca Swat Team Receives Federal Grant.+IB0- Media Release. Ithaca Police Department, 23 January 2014. <http://www.egovlink.com/public_
documents300/ithaca/published_documents/Ithaca_Police_Department/Press%20Releases/2014/01-23-2014%20Ithaca%20SWAT%20Team%20Receives%20
Federal%20Grant.pdf>. 
159Davies, Jerry. +IBw-Eighth Annual Farmers Insurance Study Ranks the Most Secure Places to Live in the U.S.+IB0- Farmers Insurance. Press Release. 15 December 2011. 
Web. http://www.farmers.com/12_15_11_SecureCities.html>. 
160 Regan, Michal. +IBw-Twin Cities SWAT Team Gets Grant.+IB0- Tonawanda-news.com. Tonawanda News, 23 January 2014. <http://www.tonawanda-news.com/news/
local_news/article_78402010-dd07-5b41-90ab-bea80fd464c0.html>. 
161 Total amount of funding obligated under OPM Contract Number OPM1511C0015 from February 2014 to the most recent reported data from July 2014, as reported 
in the Federal Procurement Data System-Next Generation. 
162 NEED CITE 
163 Isikoff, Michael. +IBw-DOJ Accuses Firm That Vetted Snowden Of Faking 665,000 Background Checks.+IB0- Nbcnews.com. NBC News. 23 January 2014. <http://
investigations.nbcnews.com/_news/2014/01/23/22401812-doj-accuses-firm-that-vetted-snowden-of-faking-665000-background-checks?lite>. 
164 Hamburger, Tom and Debbi Wilgoren. +IBw-Justice Department Says USIS Submitted 665,000 Incomplete Background Checks.+IB0- Washingtonpost.com. The 
Washington Post. 23 January 2014. <http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/justice-department-joins-lawsuit-against-usis-over-background-
checks/2014/01/23/db16e244-8432-11e3-8099-9181471f7aaf_story.html>. 
165 Office of the Director of National Intelligence. 2013 Report on Security Clearance Determinations. <http://www.dni.gov/files/documents/2013%20Report%20
on%20Security%20Clearance%20Determinations.pdf>. p4. 
166 Percival v. U.S. Investigations Services Inc., Civil Action No. 11-CV-527-WKW, M.D. AL. N.D. Doc. 26 Filed 22 January 2013. <http://s3.documentcloud.org/
documents/1008869/justice-department-joins-suit-against-usis.pdf>. p5. 
167 Percival v. U.S. Investigations Services Inc., Civil Action No. 11-CV-527-WKW, M.D. AL. N.D. Doc. 26 Filed 22 January 2013. <http://s3.documentcloud.org/

78

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-documents/1008869/justice-department-joins-suit-against-usis.pdf>. p10. 
168Percival v. U.S. Investigations Services Inc., Civil Action No. 11-CV-527-WKW, M.D. AL. N.D. Doc. 26 Filed 22 January 2013. <http://s3.documentcloud.org/
documents/1008869/justice-department-joins-suit-against-usis.pdf>. p11 
169 Percival v. U.S. Investigations Services Inc., Civil Action No. 11-CV-527-WKW, M.D. AL. N.D. Doc. 26 Filed 22 January 2013. <http://s3.documentcloud.org/
documents/1008869/justice-department-joins-suit-against-usis.pdf>. p5 
170Percival v. U.S. Investigations Services Inc., Civil Action No. 11-CV-527-WKW, M.D. AL. N.D. Doc. 26 Filed 22 January 2013. <http://s3.documentcloud.org/
documents/1008869/justice-department-joins-suit-against-usis.pdf>. p15. 
171Percival v. U.S. Investigations Services Inc., Civil Action No. 11-CV-527-WKW, M.D. AL. N.D. Doc. 26 Filed 22 January 2013. <http://s3.documentcloud.org/
documents/1008869/justice-department-joins-suit-against-usis.pdf>. p16. 
172Percival v. U.S. Investigations Services Inc., Civil Action No. 11-CV-527-WKW, M.D. AL. N.D. Doc. 26 Filed 22 January 2013. <http://s3.documentcloud.org/
documents/1008869/justice-department-joins-suit-against-usis.pdf>. p16. 
173 Bushman, Brad J., C. Nathan DeWall, Richard S. Pond Jr., and Michael D. Hanus. +IBw-Low glucose relates to greater aggression in married couples.+IB0- Proceedings of the 
National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 111.17 (2014): 6254-6257. ProQuest. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. 
174 Bushman, Brad J., C. Nathan DeWall, Richard S. Pond Jr., and Michael D. Hanus. +IBw-Low glucose relates to greater aggression in married couples.+IB0- Proceedings of the 
National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 111.17 (2014): 6254-6257. ProQuest. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. 
175 Bushman, Brad J., C. Nathan DeWall, Richard S. Pond Jr., and Michael D. Hanus. +IBw-Low glucose relates to greater aggression in married couples.+IB0- Proceedings of the 
National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 111.17 (2014): 6254-6257. ProQuest. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. 
176 Borenstein, Seth. +IBw-Study: Snack might help avoid fight with spouse,+IB0- ap.org. Associated Press. 14 April 2014. <http://bigstory.ap.org/article/study-snack-might-
help-avoid-fight-spouse>. 
177 Bushman, Brad J., C. Nathan DeWall, Richard S. Pond Jr., and Michael D. Hanus. +IBw-Low glucose relates to greater aggression in married couples.+IB0- Proceedings of the 
National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 111.17 (2014): 6254-6257. ProQuest. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. 
178 Borenstein, Seth. +IBw-Study: Snack might help avoid fight with spouse,+IB0- ap.org. Associated Press. 14 April 2014. <http://bigstory.ap.org/article/study-snack-might-
help-avoid-fight-spouse>. 
179 NSF Grant 1104118 (http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1104118). 
180 Hagen, Susan. +IBw-Monkeys Also Believe in Winning Streaks, Study Shows.+IB0- Rochester.edu. University of Rochester Newscenter. 27 June 2014. <http://www.rochester.
edu/newscenter/monkeys-also-believe-in-winning-streaks-study-shows/>. 
181 +IBw-Hagen, Susan. +IBw-Monkeys Also Believe in Winning Streaks, Study Shows.+IB0- Rochester.edu. University of Rochester Newscenter. 27 June 2014. <http://www.
rochester.edu/newscenter/monkeys-also-believe-in-winning-streaks-study-shows/>. 
182 Hagen, Susan. +IBw-Monkeys Also Believe in Winning Streaks, Study Shows.+IB0- Rochester.edu. University of Rochester Newscenter. 27 June 2014. <http://www.rochester.
edu/newscenter/monkeys-also-believe-in-winning-streaks-study-shows/>. 
183 Hagen, Susan. +IBw-Monkeys Also Believe in Winning Streaks, Study Shows.+IB0- Rochester.edu. University of Rochester Newscenter. 27 June 2014. <http://www.rochester.
edu/newscenter/monkeys-also-believe-in-winning-streaks-study-shows/>. 
184 Blanchard, Tommy C., Andreas Wilke, and Benjamin Y. Hayden. +IBw-Hot-Hand Bias in Rhesus Monkeys.+IB0- Journal of Experimental Psychology 40.3 (2014): 280-286. 
ProQuest. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. 
185 Hagen, Susan. +IBw-Monkeys Also Believe in Winning Streaks, Study Shows.+IB0- Rochester.edu. University of Rochester Newscenter. 27 June 2014. <http://www.rochester.
edu/newscenter/monkeys-also-believe-in-winning-streaks-study-shows/>. 
186 Blanchard, Tommy C., Andreas Wilke, and Benjamin Y. Hayden. +IBw-Hot-Hand Bias in Rhesus Monkeys.+IB0- Journal of Experimental Psychology 40.3 (2014): 280-286. 
ProQuest. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. 
187 Hagen, Susan. +IBw-Monkeys Also Believe in Winning Streaks, Study Shows.+IB0- Rochester.edu. University of Rochester Newscenter. 27 June 2014. <http://www.rochester.
edu/newscenter/monkeys-also-believe-in-winning-streaks-study-shows/>. 
188 NSF Grant. +IBw-CAREER: Flexible control of reward based decisions,+IB0- Award Abstract #125357 <http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_
ID=1253576&HistoricalAwards=false>. 
189 Kuriloff, Aaron and Darrell Preston. +IBw-In Stadium Building Spree, U.S. Taxpayers Lose $4 Billion.+IB0- Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg L.P. 5 September 2012. <http://www.
bloomberg.com/news/2012-09-05/in-stadium-building-spree-u-s-taxpayers-lose-4-billion.html>. 
190 Kuriloff, Aaron and Darrell Preston. +IBw-In Stadium Building Spree, U.S. Taxpayers Lose $4 Billion.+IB0- Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg L.P. 5 September 2012. <http://www.
bloomberg.com/news/2012-09-05/in-stadium-building-spree-u-s-taxpayers-lose-4-billion.html>. 
191 Kuriloff, Aaron and Darrell Preston. +IBw-In Stadium Building Spree, U.S. Taxpayers Lose $4 Billion.+IB0- Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg L.P. 5 September 2012. <http://www.
bloomberg.com/news/2012-09-05/in-stadium-building-spree-u-s-taxpayers-lose-4-billion.html>. 
192 +IBw-11 Most Expensive Stadiums In The World.+IB0- Total Pro Sports RSS. N.p., 26 May 2014. Web. 15 Oct. 2014. <http://www.totalprosports.com/2011/10/27/11-most-
expensive-stadiums-in-the-world/>. 
193 Henchman, Joseph and Travis Greaves. +IBw-From the House That Ruth Building to the House the IRS Built.+IB0- Taxfoundation.org. The Tax Foundation. 9 April 2009. 
<http://taxfoundation.org/article/house-ruth-built-house-irs-built>. 
194 Kuriloff, Aaron and Darrell Preston. +IBw-In Stadium Building Spree, U.S. Taxpayers Lose $4 Billion.+IB0- Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg L.P. 5 September 2012. <http://www.
bloomberg.com/news/2012-09-05/in-stadium-building-spree-u-s-taxpayers-lose-4-billion.html>. 
195 Brostek, Michael. Tax Policy: Tax-Exempt Status of Certain Bonds Merits Reconsideration, and Apparent Noncompliance with Issuance Cost Limitations Should 
Be Addressed. Rep. no. GAO-08-364. Report to Congressional Committees. Governmental Accountability Office, February 2008. Web. <http://www.gao.gov/
assets/280/272369.pdf>. p29. 
196 Brostek, Michael. Tax Policy: Tax-Exempt Status of Certain Bonds Merits Reconsideration, and Apparent Noncompliance with Issuance Cost Limitations Should 
Be Addressed. Rep. no. GAO-08-364. Report to Congressional Committees. Governmental Accountability Office, February 2008. Web. <http://www.gao.gov/
assets/280/272369.pdf>. p3. 
197 OCTportland. +IBw-NEA Sample: Zombie in Love.+IB0- YouTube. YouTube, 17 Mar. 2014. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1e_9myLSL_s>. 
198 National Endowment for the Arts. +IBw-Oregon Children+IBk-s Theatre to Present World Premiere ZOMBIE IN LOVE, 3/1-23,+IB0- Grant No. 14-3200-7046. Web. <http://apps.nea.
gov/GrantSearch/SearchResults.aspx>. 
199 BWW News Desk. +IBw-Oregon Children+IBk-s Theatre to Present World Premiere ZOMBIE IN LOVE, 3/1-23.+IB0- BroadwayWorld.com. N.p., 5 Feb. 2014. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. 
<http://www.broadwayworld.com/portland/article/Oregon-Childrens-Theatre-to-Present-World-Premiere-ZOMBIE-IN-LOVE-31-23-20140205#.>. 
200 Dennis Sparks. (2014, March 10). Zombie in Love +IBM- Oregon Children+IBk-s Theatre at the Winningstad +IBM- downtown Portland. (Web log post). Retrieved from <http://

79

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-dennissparksreviews.blogspot.com/2014/03/zombie-in-loveoregon-childrens-theatre.html>. 
201 +IBw-A World Premiere Musical: March 4-21, 2014.+IB0- Oregon Children+IBk-s Theatre. N.p., n.d. Web. 28 February 2014. <http://octc.org/schoolservices/zombieinlove>. 
202 National Endowment for the Arts. +IBw-Oregon Children+IBk-s Theatre to Present World Premiere ZOMBIE IN LOVE, 3/1-23,+IB0- Grant No. 14-3200-7046. Web. <http://apps.
nea.gov/GrantSearch/SearchResults.aspx>. 
202 BWW News Desk. +IBw-Oregon Children+IBk-s Theatre to Present World Premiere ZOMBIE IN LOVE, 3/1-23.+IB0- BroadwayWorld.com. N.p., 5 Feb. 2014. Web. 16 Oct. 2014 
203+IB0-Zombie in Love.+IB0- Oregon Children+IBk-s Theatre. N.p., n.d. Web. 28 Feb. 2014. <http://octc.org/onstage/zombieinlove>.. 
204 Vorenberg, Sue. +IBw-Bits +IBg-n+IBk- Pieces: Kids+IBk- Show Has Heart, Braaaaains.+IB0- Columbian.com. The Columbian. 28 February 2014. <http://www.columbian.com/news/2014/
feb/28/kids-show-has-heart-brains-zombie-love/>. 
205 Oregon Children+IBk-s Theatre. +IBw-Zombie in Love: Teacher Resource Guide.+IB0- <http://octc.org/pdf/guides/zombieinlove_rg_before.pdf>. 
206 Oregon Children+IBk-s Theatre. +IBw-Zombie in Love: Teacher Resource Guide.+IB0- <http://octc.org/pdf/guides/zombieinlove_rg_before.pdf>. 
207 BWW News Desk. +IBw-Oregon Children+IBk-s Theatre to Present World Premiere ZOMBIE IN LOVE, 3/1-23.+IB0- BroadwayWorld.com. N.p., 5 Feb. 2014. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. 
<http://www.broadwayworld.com/portland/article/Oregon-Childrens-Theatre-to-Present-World-Premiere-ZOMBIE-IN-LOVE-31-23-20140205#.>. 
208 Burke, Becky, +IBw-Review: Oregon Children+IBk-s Theatre Presents +IBM- Zombie in Love.+IB0- Portlandstagereviews.com. Portland Stage Reviews. 4 March 2014. <http://
portlandstagereviews.com/2014/03/04/review-oregon-childrens-theatre-presents-zombie-in-love/>. 
209 Schulze, John. +IBw-The Appropriate Age for Kids to Watch +IBg-The Walking Dead+IBk- is Up for Debate.+IB0- Examiner.com. AXS Digital Group LLC. 25 March 2014. <http://www.
examiner.com/article/the-appropriate-age-for-kids-to-watch-the-walking-dead-is-up-for-debate>. 
210 +IBw-+IBw-Night of the Living Dead 3D: Reanimation - Parents+IBk- Guide.+IB0- IMDb. IMDb.com, n.d. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1879012/
parentalguide?ref_=tt_stry_pg>. 
b211 Patterson, Steve. +IBw-In Guana Marsh, Research Sheds New Light On Old Florida Environment.+IB0-Jacksonville.com. The Florida Times-Union. 11 August 2014. <http://
jacksonville.com/news/metro/2014-08-11/story/guana-marsh-research-sheds-new-light-old-florida-environment>. 
212 University of Rhode Island Environmental Data Center. +IBw-Smooth Cordgrass (Spartina alterniflora).+IB0- Edc.uri.edu. The University of Rhode Island Habitat Restoration. 
Accessed 29 September 2014. <http://www.edc.uri.edu/restoration/html/gallery/plants/smooth.htm>. 
213 Patterson, Steve. +IBw-In Guana Marsh, Research Sheds New Light On Old Florida Environment.+IB0-Jacksonville.com. The Florida Times-Union. 11 August 2014. <http://
jacksonville.com/news/metro/2014-08-11/story/guana-marsh-research-sheds-new-light-old-florida-environment>. 
214 Patterson, Steve. +IBw-In Guana Marsh, Research Sheds New Light On Old Florida Environment.+IB0-Jacksonville.com. The Florida Times-Union. 11 August 2014. <http://
jacksonville.com/news/metro/2014-08-11/story/guana-marsh-research-sheds-new-light-old-florida-environment>. 
215Patterson, Steve. +IBw-In Guana Marsh, Research Sheds New Light On Old Florida Environment.+IB0-Jacksonville.com. The Florida Times-Union. 11 August 2014. <http://
jacksonville.com/news/metro/2014-08-11/story/guana-marsh-research-sheds-new-light-old-florida-environment>. 
216 Patterson, Steve. +IBw-In Guana Marsh, Research Sheds New Light On Old Florida Environment.+IB0-Jacksonville.com. The Florida Times-Union. 11 August 2014. <http://
jacksonville.com/news/metro/2014-08-11/story/guana-marsh-research-sheds-new-light-old-florida-environment>. 
217 Patterson, Steve. +IBw-In Guana Marsh, Research Sheds New Light On Old Florida Environment.+IB0-Jacksonville.com. The Florida Times-Union. 11 August 2014. <http://
jacksonville.com/news/metro/2014-08-11/story/guana-marsh-research-sheds-new-light-old-florida-environment>.. 
218 Stoeckel, Luke E., et al. +IBw-Patterns of Brain Activation when Mothers View their Own Child and Dog: An fMRI Study.+IB0- PLoS One 9.10 (2014): e107205. ProQuest. 
Web. 16 Oct. 2014. 
219 Stoeckel, Luke E., et al. +IBw-Patterns of Brain Activation when Mothers View their Own Child and Dog: An fMRI Study.+IB0- PLoS One 9.10 (2014): e107205. ProQuest. 
Web. 16 Oct. 2014 
220Stoeckel, Luke E., et al. +IBw-Patterns of Brain Activation when Mothers View their Own Child and Dog: An fMRI Study.+IB0- PLoS One 9.10 (2014): e107205. ProQuest. 
Web. 16 Oct. 2014 
221 Stoeckel, Luke E., et al. +IBw-Patterns of Brain Activation when Mothers View their Own Child and Dog: An fMRI Study.+IB0- PLoS One 9.10 (2014): e107205. ProQuest. 
Web. 16 Oct. 2014 
222Stoeckel, Luke E., et al. +IBw-Patterns of Brain Activation when Mothers View their Own Child and Dog: An fMRI Study.+IB0- PLoS One 9.10 (2014): e107205. ProQuest. 
Web. 16 Oct. 2014 
223Stoeckel, Luke E., et al. +IBw-Patterns of Brain Activation when Mothers View their Own Child and Dog: An fMRI Study.+IB0- PLoS One 9.10 (2014): e107205. ProQuest. 
Web. 16 Oct. 2014 
224 Stoeckel, Luke E., et al. +IBw-Patterns of Brain Activation when Mothers View their Own Child and Dog: An fMRI Study.+IB0- PLoS One 9.10 (2014): e107205. ProQuest. 
Web. 16 Oct. 2014. 
225 Stoeckel, Luke E., et al. +IBw-Patterns of Brain Activation when Mothers View their Own Child and Dog: An fMRI Study.+IB0- PLoS One 9.10 (2014): e107205. ProQuest. 
Web. 16 Oct. 2014 
226 Stoeckel, Luke E., et al. +IBw-Patterns of Brain Activation when Mothers View their Own Child and Dog: An fMRI Study.+IB0- PLoS One 9.10 (2014): e107205. ProQuest. 
Web. 16 Oct. 2014 
227Stoeckel, Luke E., et al. +IBw-Patterns of Brain Activation when Mothers View their Own Child and Dog: An fMRI Study.+IB0- PLoS One 9.10 (2014): e107205. ProQuest. Web. 
16 Oct. 2014 
228 Stoeckel, Luke E., et al. +IBw-Patterns of Brain Activation when Mothers View their Own Child and Dog: An fMRI Study.+IB0- PLoS One 9.10 (2014): e107205. ProQuest. 
Web. 16 Oct. 2014 
229 NIH Award No. 5K23DA032612; Award No. 5K24DA030443 
230 Wagstaff, Keith. +IBw-This is Your Mom+IBk-s Brain On Babies +IBM- And Dogs. Science Shows the Love,+IB0- Today.com, NBC News. 3 October 2014. <http://www.today.com/
health/your-moms-brain-babies-dogs-science-shows-love-2D80192080>. 
231 Szabo, Liz. +IBw-NIH director: Budget cuts put U.S. Science at Risk.+IB0- USAtoday.com. Gannett. 23 April 2014. <http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/
nation/2014/04/23/nih-budget-cuts/8056113/>. 
232 Bostwick, William, +IBw-The 50 Best Craft Beers Every Man Must Try.+IB0- GQ.com. Cond+AOk- Nast. 19 September 2014. September 19, 2014. <http://www.gq.com/food-
travel/201409/the-50-best-craft-beers-as-chosen-by-experts>. 
233 Kass, Sam. +IBw-Ale to the Chief: White House Beer Recipe.+IB0- The White House. The White House, 1 Sept. 2012. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. <http://www.whitehouse.gov/
blog/2012/09/01/ale-chief-white-house-beer-recipe>. 
234 Website of the Empire Brewing Company, <http://empirebrew.com/beer/>. 
235 Weiner, Mark. +IBw-USDA awards $200,000 to Empire Brewing Co. for new Farmstead brewery in Cazenovia.+IB0- Syracuse.com. The Syracuse Post-Standard. 20 August 

80

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-2014. <http://www.syracuse.com/news/index.ssf/2014/08/usda_awards_200000_to_empire_brewing_co_for_new_farmstead_brewery_in_cazenovia.html#incart_
river>. 
236 Office of Senator Charles Schumer. U.S. Senate. Schumer, Gillibrand, Maffei Announce Nearly $500,000 in Value-Added Produce Grants for Three Farms in Central 
New York & Empire Brewery in Syracuse. Schumer.senate.gov. Press Release.. 20 August 2014. <http://www.schumer.senate.gov/Newsroom/record.cfm?id=355225>. 
237 Website of the Empire Brewing Company. <http://empirebrew.com/farmstead-brewery/>. 
238 Website of the Empire Brewing Company. <http://empirebrew.com/farmstead-brewery/>. 
239 Abbott, Ellen, +IBw-Empire Brewing Company Says New Brewery Will Create Distinctive Craft Beers.+IB0- WRVO.org. WRVO Public Media. 23 July 2014. <http://wrvo.org/
post/empire-brewing-company-says-new-brewery-will-create-distinctive-craft-beers>. 
240 The Brewers Association. Press Room. Brewers Association Announces 2013 Craft Beer Growth. Brewersassociation.org. Brewers Association. 13 March 2014. 
<http://www.brewersassociation.org/press-releases/brewers-association-announces-2013-craft-brewer-growth>. 
241 Office of Senator Charles Schumer. U.S. Senate. Schumer, Gillibrand, Maffei Announce Nearly $500,000 in Value-Added Produce Grants for Three Farms in Central 
New York & Empire Brewery in Syracuse. Schumer.senate.gov. Press Release.. 20 August 2014. <http://www.schumer.senate.gov/Newsroom/record.cfm?id=355225>. 
242 Cazentre, Don, +IBw-Empire Farmstead Brewery in Cazenovia Will Be Among the State+IBk-s Largest Craft Beer Makers.+IB0- Syracuse.com. 15 July 2014., <http://www.
syracuse.com/drinks/index.ssf/2014/07/empire_brewery_in_cazenovia_wi.html>. 
243Cazentre, Don, +IBw-Empire Farmstead Brewery in Cazenovia Will Be Among the State+IBk-s Largest Craft Beer Makers.+IB0- Syracuse.com. 15 July 2014., <http://www.
syracuse.com/drinks/index.ssf/2014/07/empire_brewery_in_cazenovia_wi.html>. 
244 Colorado Symphony. +IBw-Classically Cannabis: The High Note Series.+IB0- Coloradosymphony.org. CSO. Accessed 16 October 2014. <http://www.coloradosymphony.org/
Events/Classically-Cannabis>. 
245 Wenzel, John, +IBw-Colorado Symphony Orchestra Rolls Out First Cannabis-Linked Concert.+IB0-denverpost.com. The Denver Post. 23 May 2014. <http://www.denverpost.
com/entertainment/ci_25827194/colorado-symphony-orchestras-first-pot-concert-classical-gas>. 
246 Mobley, Mark. +IBw-Coming Soon To Colorado: Wolfgang And Weed.+IB0- NPR. NPR, 30 Apr. 2014. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. <http://www.npr.org/blogs/
deceptivecadence/2014/04/30/308351387/coming-soon-to-colorado-wolfgang-and-weed>. 
247 Nestel, M.L., +IBw-Symphony for Stoners Is Not a Hit with Donors.+IB0- Vocativ.com. Vocative. 2 May 2014. <http://www.vocativ.com/culture/music/colorado-symphony-
wooing-stoners-donors-arent-happy/>. 
248 National Endowment for the Arts. Grant #14-3100-7208. 
249 National Endowment for the Arts. +IBw-Grants, Art Works.+IB0- Arts.gov. National Endowment for the Arts. Accessed 16 October 2014. <http://arts.gov/grants-
organizations/art-works>. 
250 Rittiman, Brandon. +IBw-Marijuana Concerts Will Not Jeopardize Symphony+IBk-s Federal Grants.+IB0- 9news.com. KUSA Multimedia Holdings Corporation. 14 May 2014. 
<http://www.9news.com/story/news/local/politics/2014/05/14/colorado-symphony-marijuana-themed-concerts-funding/9086855/>. 
251 Rittiman, Brandon. +IBw-Marijuana Concerts Will Not Jeopardize Symphony+IBk-s Federal Grants.+IB0- 9news.com. KUSA Multimedia Holdings Corporation. 14 May 2014. 
<http://www.9news.com/story/news/local/politics/2014/05/14/colorado-symphony-marijuana-themed-concerts-funding/9086855/>. 
252 Nestel, M.L., +IBw-Symphony for Stoners Is Not a Hit with Donors.+IB0- Vocativ.com. Vocative. 2 May 2014. <http://www.vocativ.com/culture/music/colorado-symphony-
wooing-stoners-donors-arent-happy/>. 
253Nestel, M.L., +IBw-Symphony for Stoners Is Not a Hit with Donors.+IB0- Vocativ.com. Vocative. 2 May 2014. <http://www.vocativ.com/culture/music/colorado-symphony-
wooing-stoners-donors-arent-happy/>. 
254 Warner, Joel, +IBw-Puff Puff Brass.+IB0- Slate.com. The Slate Group LLC. 29 May 2014. <http://www.slate.com/articles/arts/culturebox/2014/05/classically_cannabis_
concert_review_colorado_symphony_orchestra_s_high_note.html>. 
255 +IBw-U.S. Coast Guard: Organization and Missions.+IB0- Seapowermagazine.org. SEAPOWER Magazine. January Almanac 2006. <http://www.seapowermagazine.org/
archives/january/2006/us_coast_guard.html>. 
256 Christofferson, John. +IBw-Taxpayers Cover Coast Guard+IBk-s Private-Party Patrols.+IB0- Nypost.com. Associated Press. 14 September 2014. <http://nypost.com/2014/09/09/
taxpayers-cover-coast-guards-private-party-patrols/>. 
257 Christofferson, John. +IBw-Taxpayers Cover Coast Guard+IBk-s Private-Party Patrols.+IB0- Nypost.com. Associated Press. 14 September 2014. <http://nypost.com/2014/09/09/
taxpayers-cover-coast-guards-private-party-patrols/>. 
258 Christofferson, John. +IBw-Taxpayers Cover Coast Guard+IBk-s Private-Party Patrols.+IB0- Nypost.com. Associated Press. 14 September 2014. <http://nypost.com/2014/09/09/
taxpayers-cover-coast-guards-private-party-patrols/>. 
259Christofferson, John. +IBw-Taxpayers Cover Coast Guard+IBk-s Private-Party Patrols.+IB0- Nypost.com. Associated Press. 14 September 2014. <http://nypost.com/2014/09/09/
taxpayers-cover-coast-guards-private-party-patrols/>. 
260 Christofferson, John. +IBw-Taxpayers Cover Coast Guard+IBk-s Private-Party Patrols.+IB0- Nypost.com. Associated Press. 14 September 2014. <http://nypost.com/2014/09/09/
taxpayers-cover-coast-guards-private-party-patrols/>. 
261 Christofferson, John. +IBw-Taxpayers Cover Coast Guard+IBk-s Private-Party Patrols.+IB0- Nypost.com. Associated Press. 14 September 2014. <http://nypost.com/2014/09/09/
taxpayers-cover-coast-guards-private-party-patrols/>. 
262 Christofferson, John. +IBw-Taxpayers Cover Coast Guard+IBk-s Private-Party Patrols.+IB0- Nypost.com. Associated Press. 14 September 2014. <http://nypost.com/2014/09/09/
taxpayers-cover-coast-guards-private-party-patrols/>. 
263 Christofferson, John. +IBw-Taxpayers Cover Coast Guard+IBk-s Private-Party Patrols.+IB0- Nypost.com. Associated Press. 14 September 2014. <http://nypost.com/2014/09/09/
taxpayers-cover-coast-guards-private-party-patrols/>. 
264 Christofferson, John. +IBw-Taxpayers Cover Coast Guard+IBk-s Private-Party Patrols.+IB0- Nypost.com. Associated Press. 14 September 2014. <http://nypost.com/2014/09/09/
taxpayers-cover-coast-guards-private-party-patrols/>. 
265 Christofferson, John. +IBw-Taxpayers Cover Coast Guard+IBk-s Private-Party Patrols.+IB0- Nypost.com. Associated Press. 14 September 2014. <http://nypost.com/2014/09/09/
taxpayers-cover-coast-guards-private-party-patrols/>. 
266 Christofferson, John. +IBw-Taxpayers Cover Coast Guard+IBk-s Private-Party Patrols.+IB0- Nypost.com. Associated Press. 14 September 2014. <http://nypost.com/2014/09/09/
taxpayers-cover-coast-guards-private-party-patrols/>. 
267 Christofferson, John. +IBw-Taxpayers Cover Coast Guard+IBk-s Private-Party Patrols.+IB0- Nypost.com. Associated Press. 14 September 2014. <http://nypost.com/2014/09/09/
taxpayers-cover-coast-guards-private-party-patrols/>. 
268 Christofferson, John. +IBw-Taxpayers Cover Coast Guard+IBk-s Private-Party Patrols.+IB0- Nypost.com. Associated Press. 14 September 2014. <http://nypost.com/2014/09/09/
taxpayers-cover-coast-guards-private-party-patrols/>. 

81

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-269 Sharples, Tiffany. +IBw-Get into Trouble Outdoors +IBQ- Who Pays for the Rescue?+IB0- time.com. Time Inc. 25 April 2009. 
<http://content.time.com/time/nation/article/0,8599,1892621,00.html>. 
270 Bleyer, Bill. +IBw-Coast Guard to Cut Operations Around LI.+IB0- Newsday.com. Newsday. 28 March 2013. <http://www.newsday.com/long-island/coast-guard-to-cut-
operations-around-li-1.4932678>. 
271 Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security. +IBw-Future of the Homeland Security Missions of the Coast Guard.+IB0- Hearing Transcript. Homeland.house.gov/
subcommittee-BMS. House Committee on Homeland Security. 4 February 2014. <http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/CHRG-113hhrg88023/html/CHRG-113hhrg88023.
htm>. 
272 Fornicola, Jason. +IBw-Sequestration Forces Coast Guard to Get Creative.+IB0- Federalnewsradio.com. Federal News Radio. 13 March 2014. <http://www.federalnewsradio.
com/474/3580913/Sequestration-forces-Coast-Guard-to-get-creative>. 
273 Bleyer, Bill. +IBw-Coast Guard to Cut Operations Around LI.+IB0- Newsday.com. Newsday. 28 March 2013. <http://www.newsday.com/long-island/coast-guard-to-cut-
operations-around-li-1.4932678>. 
274 Sullivan, Julia Howe. +IBw-Vermont Historical Society Awarded Grant To Research Vermont+IBk-s 1970s Counterculture Movement,+IB0- ShelburneNews.com. Shelburne News. 
24 September 2014. <http://shelburnenews.com/?p=17942>. 
275 Website of the Institute for Museum and Library Services, Grant Announcement, accessed October 8, 2014, h <http://www.imls.gov/recipients/grantsearch.
aspx>. 
276 Website of the Institute for Museum and Library Services, Grant Announcement, accessed October 8, 2014, h <http://www.imls.gov/recipients/grantsearch.
aspx>. 
277 Vermont Historical Society, +IBw-Back to the Land: Communes in Vermont,+IB0- <http://vermonthistory.org/research/research-resources-online/green-mountain-
chronicles/back-to-the-land-communes-in-vermont-1968>. 
278 Potter, Jon, +IBw-Hippies from the +IBg-70s.+IB0- reformer.com. Brattleboro Reformer. 14 July 2010. <http://www.reformer.com/localnews/ci_15509617>. 
279 Johnson, Sally, +IBw-Excesses Blamed for Demise of the Commune Movement,+IB0- nytimes.com. The New York Times. 3 August 1998. <http://www.nytimes.
com/1998/08/03/us/excesses-blamed-for-demise-of-the-commune-movement.html>. 
280 Green, Susan, +IBw-Life on a Vermont Commune: Poet Verandah Porche Remembers Back-to-the Land Living.+IB0- Burlingtonfreepress.com. Burlington Free Press. 
Gannett. 6 June 2013. <http://archive.burlingtonfreepress.com/article/20130106/ARTS/301060004/Life-on-a-Vermont-commune-Poet-Verandah-Porche-
remembers-back-to-the-land-living>. 
281 +IBw-Value-Added Producer Grant Awards Fiscal Year 2014,+IB0- USDA website, accessed October 7, 2014; http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/supportdocuments/
RD_2014VAPGRecipients.pdf . 
282 +IBw-Who Am I?,+IB0- Mary+IBk-s Alpaca website, accessed October 7, 2014; http://www.maryspoop.com/who-am-i/mary-forte/marysalpaca/alpaca-compost-tea/Virginia . 
283 +IBw-20 MARY+IBk-S PREMIUM ALPACA POOP REFILLS +IBM- 20 POOP PAKS,+IB0- Mary+IBk-s Alpaca website, accessed October 7, 2014; http://www.maryspoop.com/20-marys-
premium-alpaca-poop-refills-20-poop-paks/ . 
284 +IBw-20 MARY+IBk-S PREMIUM ALPACA POOP REFILLS +IBM- 20 POOP PAKS,+IB0- Mary+IBk-s Alpaca website, accessed October 7, 2014; http://www.maryspoop.com/20-marys-
premium-alpaca-poop-refills-20-poop-paks/ . 
285 +IBw-Awards,+IB0- Mary+IBk-s Alpaca website, accessed October 7, 2014; http://www.marysalpaca.com/eventsAwards.aspx . 
286 +IBw-Our Farm,+IB0- Mary+IBk-s Alpaca website, accessed October 7, 2014; http://www.marysalpaca.com/AboutUs.aspx . 
287 Mary+IBk-s Alpaca At Cedar Hill Farm Facebook page, posted June 14, 2012; https://www.facebook.com/122961277761405/photos/pb.122961277761405.-
2207520000.1412699129./384167854974078/?type=1&theater . 
288 Douglas Martin, +IBw-Harold von Braunhut, Seller of Sea Monkeys, Dies at 77,+IB0- New York Times, December 21, 2003; http://www.nytimes.com/2003/12/21/
national/21BRAU.html . 
289 Classic Sea-Monkey advertisement. California State University Archives. Accessed 16 October 2014. <http://library.csun.edu/sites/default/files/Exhibitions/
sea_monkeys.jpg>. 
290 Martin, Douglas. +IBw-Harold von Braunhut, Seller of Sea Monkeys, Dies at 77.+IB0- NYtimes.com. The New York Times. 21 December 2003. <http://www.nytimes.
com/2003/12/21/national/21BRAU.html>. 
291 Williams-Hedges, Deborah. +IBw-Swimming Sea-Monkeys Reveal How Zooplankton May Help Drive Ocean Circulation | Caltech.+IB0- The California Institute of 
Technology. Press Release. 30 Sept. 2014. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. <http://www.caltech.edu/content/swimming-sea-monkeys-reveal-how-zooplankton-may-help-drive-
ocean-circulation>. 
292 Williams-Hedges, Deborah. +IBw-Swimming Sea-Monkeys Reveal How Zooplankton May Help Drive Ocean Circulation | Caltech.+IB0- The California Institute of 
Technology. Press Release. 30 Sept. 2014. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. 
<http://www.caltech.edu/content/swimming-sea-monkeys-reveal-how-zooplankton-may-help-drive-ocean-circulation>. 
293 Williams-Hedges, Deborah. +IBw-Swimming Sea-Monkeys Reveal How Zooplankton May Help Drive Ocean Circulation | Caltech.+IB0- The California Institute of 
Technology. Press Release. 30 Sept. 2014. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. <http://www.caltech.edu/content/swimming-sea-monkeys-reveal-how-zooplankton-may-help-drive-
ocean-circulation>. 
294 Williams-Hedges, Deborah. +IBw-Swimming Sea-Monkeys Reveal How Zooplankton May Help Drive Ocean Circulation | Caltech.+IB0- The California Institute of 
Technology. Press Release. 30 Sept. 2014. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. <http://www.caltech.edu/content/swimming-sea-monkeys-reveal-how-zooplankton-may-help-drive-
ocean-circulation>. 
295 Boyle, Alan. +IBw-Laser-Guided Sea-Monkeys Reveal How Critters Boost Ocean+IBk-s Waves.+IB0- NBCnews.com. NBC News. 30 September 2014. <http://www.nbcnews.
com/science/weird-science/laser-guided-sea-monkeys-reveal-how-critters-boost-oceans-waves-n215066>. 
296 Lee, Jane J. +IBw-Laser-Guided Sea-Monkeys Show That Tiny Animals Can Move Mountains of Seawater.+IB0- Nationalgeographic.com. National Geographic Society. 30 
September 2014. <http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2014/09/140930-sea-monkeys-laser-ocean-animals-science/>. 
297 Geggel, Laura. +IBw-Tiny Sea Monkeys Create Giant Ocean Currents.+IB0- Livescience.com. Purch. 30 September 2014. <http://www.livescience.com/48069-sea-
monkeys-swirl-ocean.html>. 
298 Lee, Jane J. +IBw-Laser-Guided Sea-Monkeys Show That Tiny Animals Can Move Mountains of Seawater.+IB0- Nationalgeographic.com. National Geographic Society. 30 
September 2014. <http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2014/09/140930-sea-monkeys-laser-ocean-animals-science/>. 
299 Geggel, Laura. +IBw-Tiny Sea Monkeys Create Giant Ocean Currents.+IB0- Livescience.com. Purch. 30 September 2014. <http://www.livescience.com/48069-sea-
monkeys-swirl-ocean.html>. 
300 Williams-Hedges, Deborah. +IBw-Swimming Sea-Monkeys Reveal How Zooplankton May Help Drive Ocean Circulation | Caltech.+IB0- The California Institute of 
Technology. Press Release. 30 Sept. 2014. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. <http://www.caltech.edu/content/swimming-sea-monkeys-reveal-how-zooplankton-may-help-drive-

82

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-ocean-circulation>. 
301 Wilhelmus, Monica M. and John O. Dabiri. Observations of Large-Scale Fluid Transport by Laser-Guided Plankton Aggregations. Physics of Fluids, 26 . Art. No. 
101302. ISSN 1070-6631, September 2014; Caltech.edu. <http://resolver.caltech.edu/CaltechAUTHORS:20140926-103222105>. 
302 National Science Foundation. +IBw-Collaborative Research: Turbulence and Suspension Feeding - a New Approach using the Lobate Ctenophore Mnemiopsis Leidyi,+IB0- 
Award Abstract #1061268. Accessed 16 October 2014. <http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1061268&HistoricalAwards=false>. 
303 Amazon.com, accessed 16 October 2014. <http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_1?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=sea+-monkeys>. 
304 ToysRus.com, accessed 16 October 2014 <http://www.toysrus.com/search/index.
jsp?kwCatId=&kw=seamonkey&keywords=seamonkey&origkw=seamonkey&sr=1>. 
305 Williams-Hedges, Deborah. +IBw-Swimming Sea-Monkeys Reveal How Zooplankton May Help Drive Ocean Circulation | Caltech.+IB0- The California Institute of 
Technology. Press Release. 30 Sept. 2014. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. <http://www.caltech.edu/content/swimming-sea-monkeys-reveal-how-zooplankton-may-help-drive-
ocean-circulation>. 
306 Moyer, Josh. +IBw-Penn State+IBk-s Postseason Ban Over.+IB0- ESPN.com. ESPN Internet Ventures. 10 September 2014. <http://espn.go.com/college-football/story/_/
id/11489258/ncaa-drops-postseason-ban-penn-state-nittany-lions>. 
307 ESPN.com News Service. +IBw-Penn State Sanctions: $60M, Bowl Ban.+IB0- ESPN.com. ESPN Internet Ventures. 24 July 2012. <http://espn.go.com/college-football/
story/_/id/8191027/penn-state-nittany-lions-hit-60-million-fine-4-year-bowl-ban-wins-dating-1998>. 
308 National Science Foundation. +IBw-RAPID: When Pride Becomes Shame: Organizational Identification and Self-Presentation During Scandal.+IB0- Award Abstract 
#1260929. Accessed 16 October 2014. http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1260929 . 
309 National Science Foundation. +IBw-RAPID: When Pride Becomes Shame: Organizational Identification and Self-Presentation During Scandal.+IB0- Award Abstract 
#1260929. Accessed 16 October 2014. http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1260929 . 
310 National Science Foundation. +IBw-RAPID: When Pride Becomes Shame: Organizational Identification and Self-Presentation During Scandal.+IB0- Award Abstract 
#1260929. Accessed 16 October 2014. http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1260929 . 
311 Joe Little, Perceptions of Americans change after 3-week visit from Pakistani journalists, ABC10 NEWS (Mar. 31, 2014) http://www.10news.com/news/perceptions-
of-americans-change-after-3-week-visit-from-pakistani-journalists-03312014. 
312 Joe Little, Perceptions of Americans change after 3-week visit from Pakistani journalists, ABC10 NEWS (Mar. 31, 2014) http://www.10news.com/news/perceptions-
of-americans-change-after-3-week-visit-from-pakistani-journalists-03312014. 
313 About the Bureau, DEP+IBk-T OF STATE, http://eca.state.gov/about-bureau. 
314 Congressional Budget Justification FY15, DEP+IBk-T OF STATE, at 401, http://www.state.gov/documents/organization/223495.pdf. 
315 About American Music Abroad, American Voices (last accessed Aug. 13, 2014) http://amvoices.org/ama/about/. 
316 Email from grantee (July 18, 2014) (on file with the Office of Senate Coburn). 
317 Email from grantee (July 18, 2014) (on file with the Office of Senate Coburn). 
318 Email from grantee (July 18, 2014) (on file with the Office of Senate Coburn). 
319 See The Nose Flute, Youtube (last accessed Oct. 1, 2014), https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dpVpPIg-IU. 
320 See Arkansas Bo & Big Piph, Dem Shawts, Audiomack (last accessed Oct. 1, 2014), https://www.audiomack.com/song/arkansas-bo-big-piph/3-them-shawts-
master 
321 See Big Piph, The Calm (EP) (last accessed Oct. 1, 2014), http://www.bigpiph.com/music/. 
322 See OneBeat, Bang on A Can (last accessed Oct. 1, 2014), http://bangonacan.org/found_sound_nation/one_beat 
323 See OneBeat, Bang on A Can (last accessed Oct. 1, 2014), http://bangonacan.org/found_sound_nation/one_beat 
324 Found Sound Nation, OneBeat 2012 - Walmart Ruckus, Youtube (last accessed Oct. 1, 2014), https://www.youtube.com/
watch?v=w3KuFJCOsM4&list=PLkLzOTNw7TRTsUS9l0l3WrrCQQplPRdXc 
325 Found Sound Nation, OneBeat 2013 - Making Instruments, Youtube (last accessed Oct. 1, 2014), https://www.youtube.com/
watch?v=vptM3aBjs_s&index=4&list=PLkLzOTNw7TRQ28XnTjOGYpT8TtSlE5P9B. 
326 Found Sound Nation, OneBeat 2013 - Washington, Youtube (last accessed Oct. 1, 2014), https://www.youtube.com/
watch?v=M6MXBE_0dTA&list=PLkLzOTNw7TRQ28XnTjOGYpT8TtSlE5P9B#t=184. 
327 See, e.g., ACYPL; Bang on a Can; Global Nomads Group. 
328 See, e.g., Association of American Voices; Bang on a Can. 
329 +IBw-Department of Homeland Security. DHS Press Office. Secretary Johnson Announces Fiscal Year 2015 Budget Request. Official Website of the Department of 
Homeland Security. DHS, 4 May 2014. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. <http://www.dhs.gov/news/2014/03/04/secretary-johnson-announces-fiscal-year-2015-budget-request>. 
330 DHS Immigration and Customs Enforcement Solicitation. +IBw-Gym Membership Services.+IB0- FedBizOpps.gov. Solicitation No. ICE-OAQ-GYM-FY14. 18 June 2014. 
<https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=form&id=19887c0c9564ed74d89a68936f96e87a&tab=core&_cview=0>. 
331 Website of Vida Fitness, +IBw-About Vida Fitness.+IB0- Vidafitness.com. Accessed 30 September 2014. <http://vidafitness.com/about>. 
332 Harrington, Elizabeth, +IBw-Homeland Security Spends $450,000 on +IBg-State of the Art+IBk- Gym Memberships.+IB0- Freebeacon.com. The Washington Free Beacon 6 August 
2014. <http://freebeacon.com/issues/homeland-security-spends-450000-on-state-of-the-art-gym-memberships/>. 
333 DHS Immigration and Customs Enforcement Solicitation. +IBw-Gym Membership Services.+IB0- FedBizOpps.gov. Solicitation No. ICE-OAQ-GYM-FY14. 18 June 2014. 
<https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=form&id=19887c0c9564ed74d89a68936f96e87a&tab=core&_cview=0>. 
334 Distance from VIDA Fitness, 999 9th St. NW, Washington DC, to ICE offices at 801 I Street NW, Washington, DC, measured by http://maps.google.com, 7 August 
2014. 
335 BloombergTV.+IBw-The Most Expensive Object Ever (Lives in Space).+IB0- Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg L.P. 12 May 2014. <http://www.bloomberg.com/video/the-most-
expensive-object-ever-lives-in-space-oKuCsqCLR3akanG_eCWXUQ.html>. 
336 President Reagan+IBk-s Statement on the International Space Station, January 25, 1984; http://history.nasa.gov/printFriendly/reagan84.htm . 
337 NASA Office of Inspector General. Extending the Operational Life of the International Space Station Until 2024. Report No. IG-14-031. 14 September 2014. Web. < 
http://www.hq.nasa.gov/office/oig/hq/audits/reports/FY14/IG-14-031.pdf >. 
338 NASA Office of Inspector General. Extending the Operational Life of the International Space Station Until 2024. Report No. IG-14-031. 14 September 2014. Web. < 
http://www.hq.nasa.gov/office/oig/hq/audits/reports/FY14/IG-14-031.pdf >. 
339 NASA Office of Inspector General. Extending the Operational Life of the International Space Station Until 2024. Report No. IG-14-031. 14 September 2014. Web. < 

83

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-http://www.hq.nasa.gov/office/oig/hq/audits/reports/FY14/IG-14-031.pdf >. 
340 NASA Office of Inspector General. Extending the Operational Life of the International Space Station Until 2024. Report No. IG-14-031. 14 September 2014. Web. < 
http://www.hq.nasa.gov/office/oig/hq/audits/reports/FY14/IG-14-031.pdf >. 
341 Holdren, John P., and Charles Bolden. +IBw-Obama Administration Extends International Space Station until at Least 2024.+IB0- Web log post. The White House. Office of 
Science and Technology Policy, 8 Jan. 2014. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. <http://www.whitehouse.gov/blog/2014/01/08/obama-administration-extends-international-space-
station-until-least-2024>. 
342 Morgan, Daniel. NASA Appropriations and Authorizations: A Fact Sheet. Rep. No. R43419. Washington, D.C.: Congressional Research Service, 26 June 2013. <http://
www.crs.gov/pages/Reports.aspx?PRODCODE=R43419&Source=search>. 
343 Holdren, John P., and Charles Bolden. +IBw-Obama Administration Extends International Space Station until at Least 2024.+IB0- Web log post. The White House. Office of 
Science and Technology Policy, 8 Jan. 2014. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. <http://www.whitehouse.gov/blog/2014/01/08/obama-administration-extends-international-space-
station-until-least-2024>. 
344 Achenbach, Joel. +IBw-The Skies. The Limits. The International Space Station is One of Humanity+IBk-s Great Engineering Triumphs. But What is it for?+IB0- Washingtonpost.
com The Washington Post. 14 September 2013. <http://www.washingtonpost.com/sf/national/2013/09/14/the-skies-the-limits/>. 
345 Bond, Peter. The Continuing Story of the International Space Station. London: Springer, 2002. p279. 
346 +IBw-The New York Times Op-Ed.+IB0- Editorial. Nytimes.com. The New York Times, 14 Aug. 2005. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. <http://www.nytimes.com/2005/08/14/
opinion/14sun1.html?pagewanted=all&_r=1&>.. 
347 +IBw-NASA+IBk-S EFFORTS TO MAXIMIZE RESEARCH ON THE INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION,+IB0- National Aeronautics and Space Administration Office of Inspector 
General, July 8, 2013; http://oig.nasa.gov/audits/reports/FY13/IG-13-019.pdf . 
348 Mohler, Brenda. +IBw-Cobra Puma Tests Golf Clubs in Space.+IB0- Golf.com. TI Golf Holdings Inc. 1 October 2014. <http://www.golf.com/tour-and-news/cobra-puma-golf-
conducting-experiments-aboard-international-space-station>. 
349 Center for the Advancement of Science in Space. +IBw-About CASIS.+IB0- Iss-casis.org. Accessed 7 October 2014; <http://www.iss-casis.org/About/AboutCASIS.aspx>. 
350Mohler, Brenda. +IBw-Cobra Puma Tests Golf Clubs in Space.+IB0- Golf.com. TI Golf Holdings Inc. 1 October 2014. <http://www.golf.com/tour-and-news/cobra-puma-golf-
conducting-experiments-aboard-international-space-station>. 
351 Mohler, Brenda. +IBw-Cobra Puma Tests Golf Clubs in Space.+IB0- Golf.com. TI Golf Holdings Inc. 1 October 2014. <http://www.golf.com/tour-and-news/cobra-puma-golf-
conducting-experiments-aboard-international-space-station>. 
352 Than, Ker. +IBw-Astronauts Whack Golf Ball and Outfit Station in Spacewalk.+IB0- Space.com. Purch. 23 November 2006. <http://www.space.com/3149-astronauts-
whack-golf-ball-outfit-station-spacewalk.html>. 
353 Gaskill, Melissa. +IBw-From Antibiotics to Yeast: Latest Student Science Heads For Space.+IB0- NASA.gov. NASA International Space Station Program Office. 7 July 2014. 
<http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/research/news/ssep_mission5/#.VEBGtfldV8E>. 
354 +IBw-Gaskill, Melissa. +IBw-From Antibiotics to Yeast: Latest Student Science Heads For Space.+IB0- NASA.gov. NASA International Space Station Program Office. 7 July 2014. 
<http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/research/news/ssep_mission5/#.VEBGtfldV8E>. 
355 +IBw-Gaskill, Melissa. +IBw-From Antibiotics to Yeast: Latest Student Science Heads For Space.+IB0- NASA.gov. NASA International Space Station Program Office. 7 July 2014. 
356 NASA Office of Inspector General. Extending the Operational Life of the International Space Station Until 2024. Report No. IG-14-031. 14 September 2014. Web. < 
http://www.hq.nasa.gov/office/oig/hq/audits/reports/FY14/IG-14-031.pdf >. 
357 Chaplain, Cristina T. NASA: Significant Challenges Remain for Access, Use, and Sustainment of the International Space Station. Testimony Before the Subcommittee 
on Science, Space, and Technology. U.S. House of Representatives. Rep. No. GAO-12-587T. 28 March 2012. <http://www.gao.gov/products/GAO-12-587T>. 
358 NASA Office of Inspector General. 2013 Report on NASA+IBk-s Top Management and Performance Challenges. 2 December 2013. Web. <http://oig.nasa.gov/
NASA2013ManagementChallenges.pdf>. 
359 NASA Office of Inspector General. Extending the Operational Life of the International Space Station Until 2024. Report No. IG-14-031. 14 September 2014. Web. < 
http://www.hq.nasa.gov/office/oig/hq/audits/reports/FY14/IG-14-031.pdf >. 
360Achenbach, Joel. +IBw-The Skies. The Limits. The International Space Station is One of Humanity+IBk-s Great Engineering Triumphs. But What is it for?+IB0- Washingtonpost.
com The Washington Post. 14 September 2013. <http://www.washingtonpost.com/sf/national/2013/09/14/the-skies-the-limits/>. 
361 NASA Office of Inspector General. 2013 Report on NASA+IBk-s Top Management and Performance Challenges. 2 December 2013. Web. <http://oig.nasa.gov/
NASA2013ManagementChallenges.pdf>. 
362 +IBw-The proportion of NASA funds dedicated to aeronautics research has declined from approximately 6 percent in fiscal year (FY) 2005 to 3 percent today, dwarfed 
by the Agency+IBk-s focus on space exploration and operations (44 percent) and scientific investments (22 percent),+IB0- according to the NASA OIG. 
NASA Office of Inspector General. The Aeronautics Research Mission Directorate+IBk-s Management Strategy for Conducting Aeronautics Research. Report No. IG-14-012, 
30 January 2014. Web. <http://oig.nasa.gov/audits/reports/FY14/IG-14-012.pdf>. 
363 Salant, Jonathan D. +IBw-Congress Makes NASA Finish Useless $350 Million Structure,+IB0- Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg L.P. 8 January 2014. Web. <http://www.bloomberg.
com/news/2014-01-08/congress-makes-nasa-finish-useless-350-million-structure.html>. 
364 Office of Senator Roger Wicker. Newsroom. Wicker Says NASA Reauthorization Provides Stability for Future of Human Space Flight. Wicker.senate.gov. N.p., 30 
Sept. 2010. Web. 16 Oct. 2014. <http://www.wicker.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=63def9a4-07ee-8c4c-e23f-b3de54e30b61>. 
365 Rayman, Noah. +IBw-The NASA Launchpad To Nowhere,+IB0- swampland.time.com. Time Inc. 8 January 2014. Web. <http://swampland.time.com/2014/01/08/the-nasa-
launchpad-to-nowhere/>. 
366 Salant, Johnathan D. +IBw-In Mississippi, NASA+IBk-s $350 Million Tower of Pork.+IB0- Businessweek.com. Bloomberg L.P. 9 January 2014. Web. <http://www.businessweek.
com/articles/2014-01-09/in-mississippi-nasas-350-million-tower-of-pork>. 
367 Salant, Jonathan D. +IBw-Congress Makes NASA Finish Useless $350 Million Structure,+IB0- Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg L.P. 8 January 2014. Web. <http://www.bloomberg.
com/news/2014-01-08/congress-makes-nasa-finish-useless-350-million-structure.html>. 
368 Salant, Jonathan D. +IBw-Congress Makes NASA Finish Useless $350 Million Structure,+IB0- Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg L.P. 8 January 2014. Web. <http://www.bloomberg.
com/news/2014-01-08/congress-makes-nasa-finish-useless-350-million-structure.html>. 
369 Salant, Jonathan D. +IBw-Congress Makes NASA Finish Useless $350 Million Structure,+IB0- Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg L.P. 8 January 2014. Web. <http://www.bloomberg.
com/news/2014-01-08/congress-makes-nasa-finish-useless-350-million-structure.html>. 
370 +IBw-U.S. Sheep Experiment Station to remain open,+IB0- LocalNews8.com. ABC. 16 July 2014. <http://www.localnews8.com/news/us-sheep-experiment-station-to-
remain-open/26982086>. 
371 U.S. Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Research Service. +IBw-Range Sheep Production Efficiency Research.+IB0- Ars.usda.gov. Accessed 17 October 2014. <http://
www.ars.usda.gov/main/site_main.htm?modecode=53-64-05-00>. 

84

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-372 Gilman, Sarah. +IBw-Sheep vs. Bear, Agency vs. Agency.+IB0- HCN.org. High Country News 18 January 2012. <http://www.hcn.org/ blogs/goat/sheep-versus-bear-agency-
versus-agency>. 
373 Letter from Thomas J. Vilsack, Secretary of the U.S. Department of Agriculture to Congressman Robert B. Aderholt, Chairman of the U.S. House of 
Representatives Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, Committee on Appropriations. 17 June 2014, 
<http://amhealthmaster.http.internapcdn.net/AMHealthMaster/DOCUMENT/SheepUSA/USSES_Vilsack_to_Aberholt.pdf>. 
374 Sakariassen, Alex. +IBw-USDA Approves Proposal to Close Sheep Station in Centennial Mountains.+IB0- Missoulanews.com. Missoula Independent. 27 June 2014. <http://
missoulanews.bigskypress.com/IndyBlog/archives/2014/06/27/usda-approves-proposal-to-close-sheep-station-in-centennial-mountains>. 
375 Barker, Rocky. +IBw-Tough Times Out There for Idaho+IBk-s Sheep Ranchers.+IB0- Idahostatesman.com. Idaho Statesman. 27 June 2004. <http://www.idahostatesman.
com/2014/06/27/3256761/tough-times-out-there-for-idahos.html>. 
376 Associated Press. +IBw-Groups Sue Federal Agency Over Sheep Research Station after Grizzly Deaths.+IB0- Missoulian.com. Associated Press. 18 May 2013. <http://
missoulian.com/news/state-and-regional/groups-sue-federal-agency-over-sheep-research-station-after-grizzly/article_7b390052-c004-11e2-9ccf-001a4bcf887a.
html>. 
377 Letter from Thomas J. Vilsack, Secretary of the U.S. Department of Agriculture to Congressman Robert B. Aderholt, Chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives 
Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, Committee on Appropriations. 17 June 2014, <http://
amhealthmaster.http.internapcdn.net/AMHealthMaster/DOCUMENT/SheepUSA/USSES_Vilsack_to_Aberholt.pdf>. 
378 Letter from Representatives Mike Simpson, Doc Hastings, Greg Walden, Cathy McMorris-Rodgers, Steve Daines, and Raul Labrador to Representative Robert 
Aderholt, Chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, 
Committee on Appropriations, June 26, 2014, <http://amhealthmaster.http.internapcdn.net/AMHealthMaster/DOCUMENT/SheepUSA/Dubois_USSES_6_26_14.pdf>. 
379 Wieber, Aubrey. +IBw-Clark County Employer Likely Closing Down.+IB0- Postregister.com. Post Register. 26 June 2014. <http://www.postregister.com/articles/news-
todays-headlines/2014/06/26/clark-county-employer-likely-closing-down>. 
380 Western Watershed Project. Sheep Experiment Station Closure Thwarted by Political Interference. Thewildlifenews.com. N.p., 16 July 2014. Web. 17 Oct. 2014. 
<http://www.thewildlifenews.com/2014/07/16/sheep-experiment-station-closure-thwarted-by-political-interference/>. 
381 Western Watershed Project. Sheep Experiment Station Closure Thwarted by Political Interference. Thewildlifenews.com. N.p., 16 July 2014. Web. 17 Oct. 2014. 
<http://www.thewildlifenews.com/2014/07/16/sheep-experiment-station-closure-thwarted-by-political-interference/>. 
382 +IBw-Idaho Press-Tribune Editorial Board. +IBw-Simpson, Sheep Station Contribute to Growing Debt Crisis.+IB0- Idahopress.com. Idaho Press-Tribune. <http://m.idahopress.
com/members/simpson-sheep-station-contribute-to-growing-debt-crisis/article_65251040-1200-11e4-82ee-001a4bcf887a.html?mode=jqm>. 
383 Knight, Phil, +IBw-Letter to the editor: Sheep Station a Waste of Money, Should be Closed.+IB0- Bozemandailychronicle.com. Bozeman Daily Chronicle. February 2014. 
<http://www.bozemandailychronicle.com/opinions/letters_to_editor/article_6efe383c-9404-11e3-b585-0019bb2963f4.html?mode=jqm>. 
384 Department of Housing and Urban Development, HUD Exchange. +IBw-CDBG Entitlement Program Eligibility Requirements.+IB0- Hudexchange.info. Accessed 14 October 
2014, <https://www.hudexchange.info/cdbg-entitlement/cdbg-entitlement-program-eligibility-requirements/>. 
385 Curtin, Eugene. +IBw-City Gives Final Approval to Installing Splash Pad at Hastings Banner Park.+IB0- Omaha.com. Bellevue Leader. 31 July 2014. <http://www.omaha.com/
sarpy/bellevue/city-gives-final-approval-to-installing-splash-pad-at-hastings/article_216caf3d-b951-53fb-8529-08a4a97b971e.html>. 
386 City of Bellevue. +IBw-2013 Comprehensive Aquatics Study,+IB0- 22 July 2013. <www.bellevue.net> 
387 Curtin, Eugene. +IBw-City Gives Final Approval to Installing Splash Pad at Hastings Banner Park.+IB0- Omaha.com. Bellevue Leader. 31 July 2014. <http://www.omaha.com/
sarpy/bellevue/city-gives-final-approval-to-installing-splash-pad-at-hastings/article_216caf3d-b951-53fb-8529-08a4a97b971e.html>. 
388 Powell, Andy. +IBw-Water Feature Coming to East Gadsden Rec Center.+IB0- Gadsentimes.com. Gadsden Times. 12 August 2014. <http://www.gadsdentimes.com/
article/20140812/NEWS/140819945?p=1&tc=pg>. 
389 Savage, Lisa Rogers. +IBw-Council Approves Splash Pad Grant for East Gadsden.+IB0- Gadsentimes.com. Gadsden Times. 19 August 2014. <http://www.gadsdentimes.
com/article/20140819/NEWS/140819777?tc=ar>. 
390 Martins, Andrew. +IBw-Grant Received for Spray Park.+IB0- Tri.gmnews.com Tri-Town News. 2 October 2014. <http://tri.gmnews.com/news/2014-10-02/Front_Page/
Grant_received_for_spray_park.html>. 
391 +IBw-Burnham+IBk-s Field to reopen with a splash,+IB0- glouster.wickedlocal.com. Gatehouse Media, Inc. 4 September 2014. <http://gloucester.wickedlocal.com/
article/20140904/NEWS/140908617>. 
392 Wilson, Jeff. +IBw-Splash Park Construction Under Way.+IB0- Thesouthern.com. Southern Illinoisan. 24 July 2014. <http://thesouthern.com/news/local/communities/
carbondale/splash-park-construction-under-way/article_09ddca29-bd77-5d55-9b04-e8d09ecee24f.html>. 
393 Website of the Carbondale Park District. +IBw-A Case for Support 2014.+IB0- Accessed 17 October 2014. <http://www.cpkd.org/supersplashpark/images/case-for-
support.pdf>. 
394 Williams, Leah. +IBw-Carbondale Park District+IBk-s Super Splash Park Blues: Fundraising Continues for the Outdoor Aquatic Center.+IB0- Carbondalerocks.com. Carbondale 
Nightlife. <http://www.carbondalerocks.com/node/120565>. 
395 The TEAM Plays. +IBw-RoosevElvis Press Kit and Touring Info.+IB0- Theteamplays.org. The TEAM. Accessed 17 October 2014. <http://theteamplays.org/wp-content/
uploads/2012/01/RoosevElvis-press-kit.pdf>. 
396 The TEAM Plays. +IBw-RoosevElvis Press Kit and Touring Info.+IB0- Theteamplays.org. The TEAM. Accessed 17 October 2014. <http://theteamplays.org/wp-content/
uploads/2012/01/RoosevElvis-press-kit.pdf>. 
397 The TEAM Plays. +IBw-RoosevElvis Press Kit and Touring Info.+IB0- Theteamplays.org. The TEAM. Accessed 17 October 2014. <http://theteamplays.org/wp-content/
uploads/2012/01/RoosevElvis-press-kit.pdf>. 
398 The TEAM Plays. +IBw-RoosevElvis Press Kit and Touring Info.+IB0- Theteamplays.org. The TEAM. Accessed 17 October 2014. <http://theteamplays.org/wp-content/
uploads/2012/01/RoosevElvis-press-kit.pdf>. 
399 The TEAM +IBw-About Us+IB0- webpage. Available at: http://theteamplays.org/about/about-the-company/ 
400 The TEAM. +IBw-RoosevElvis blog.+IB0- Theteamplays.org. The TEAM. <http://theteamplays.org/category/team-blog/roosevelvis/>. 
401 National Endowment for the Arts Grant. Award Number: 14-3200-7086. 
402 Brantley, Ben. +IBw-Finding Your Flair, Pompadour Optional.+IB0- Nytimes.com. The New York Times. 18 October 2013. <http://www.nytimes.com/2013/10/19/theater/
reviews/roosevelvis-mashes-identities-at-the-bushwick-starr.html>. 
403 Roosevelvis Final Performances. The TEAM. Vimeo.com. 25 October 2013. Web. <http://vimeo.com/album/1953386/video/77812652>. 
404 Brantley, Ben. +IBw-Finding Your Flair, Pompadour Optional.+IB0- Nytimes.com. The New York Times. 18 October 2013. <http://www.nytimes.com/2013/10/19/theater/
reviews/roosevelvis-mashes-identities-at-the-bushwick-starr.html>. 
405 Office of Senator Jeff Flake. Press Office. #PRIMECUTS: Elvis and Teddy Roosevelt Walk into a Bar+ICY-. Flake.senate.gov, 16 July 2014. Web. 17 Oct. 2014. <www.

85

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-flake.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=d03cff46-3fe4-4153-9537-76e1b56ce913>. 
406 McKenna, Barrie. +IBw-Canadian Steel Used in U.S. Bridge Triggers +IBg-Buy America+IBk- Fiasco.+IB0- Theglobeandmail.com. The Globe and Mail Inc. 18 September 2014. Web. 
<http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/international-business/us-business/buy-america-act-provides-punishment-for-small-colorado-town/
article20660211/>. 
407 Mitchell David, and Ashley Michels. +IBw-New Bridge May be Torn Up Because Steel was Manufactured in Canada.+IB0- Kdvr.com. FOX31 Denver. 26 August 2014. Web. 
<http://kdvr.com/2014/08/26/brand-new-bridge-in-morrison-may-have-to-be-ripped-out/>. 
408 Mitchell David, and Ashley Michels. +IBw-New Bridge May be Torn Up Because Steel was Manufactured in Canada.+IB0- Kdvr.com. FOX31 Denver. 26 August 2014. Web. 
<http://kdvr.com/2014/08/26/brand-new-bridge-in-morrison-may-have-to-be-ripped-out/>. 
409 Klemaier, Josie. +IBw-Canadian Steel Could Doom Repairs Made to Historic Morrison Bridge.+IB0- Denverpost.com. Denver Post, 26 August 2014. <http://www.denverpost.
com/golden/ci_26408442/canadian-steel-could-doom-repairs-made-historic-morrison>. 
410 Klemaier, Josie. +IBw-Canadian Steel Could Doom Repairs Made to Historic Morrison Bridge.+IB0- Denverpost.com. Denver Post, 26 August 2014. <http://www.denverpost.
com/golden/ci_26408442/canadian-steel-could-doom-repairs-made-historic-morrison>. 
411 Klemaier, Josie. +IBw-Canadian Steel Could Doom Repairs Made to Historic Morrison Bridge.+IB0- Denverpost.com. Denver Post, 26 August 2014. <http://www.denverpost.
com/golden/ci_26408442/canadian-steel-could-doom-repairs-made-historic-morrison>.. 
412 Klemaier, Josie. +IBw-Canadian Steel Could Doom Repairs Made to Historic Morrison Bridge.+IB0- Denverpost.com. Denver Post, 26 August 2014. <http://www.denverpost.
com/golden/ci_26408442/canadian-steel-could-doom-repairs-made-historic-morrison>. 
413 Klemaier, Josie. +IBw-Canadian Steel Could Doom Repairs Made to Historic Morrison Bridge.+IB0- Denverpost.com. Denver Post, 26 August 2014. <http://www.denverpost.
com/golden/ci_26408442/canadian-steel-could-doom-repairs-made-historic-morrison>. 
414 Klemaier, Josie. +IBw-Canadian Steel Could Doom Repairs Made to Historic Morrison Bridge.+IB0- Denverpost.com. Denver Post, 26 August 2014. <http://www.denverpost.
com/golden/ci_26408442/canadian-steel-could-doom-repairs-made-historic-morrison>. 
415 Klemaier, Josie. +IBw-Canadian Steel Could Doom Repairs Made to Historic Morrison Bridge.+IB0- Denverpost.com. Denver Post, 26 August 2014. <http://www.denverpost.
com/golden/ci_26408442/canadian-steel-could-doom-repairs-made-historic-morrison>. 
416 Klemaier, Josie. +IBw-Canadian Steel Could Doom Repairs Made to Historic Morrison Bridge.+IB0- Denverpost.com. Denver Post, 26 August 2014. <http://www.denverpost.
com/golden/ci_26408442/canadian-steel-could-doom-repairs-made-historic-morrison>. 
417 Klemaier, Josie. +IBw-Canadian Steel Could Doom Repairs Made to Historic Morrison Bridge.+IB0- Denverpost.com. Denver Post, 26 August 2014. <http://www.denverpost.
com/golden/ci_26408442/canadian-steel-could-doom-repairs-made-historic-morrison>. 
418 Klemaier, Josie. +IBw-Canadian Steel Could Doom Repairs Made to Historic Morrison Bridge.+IB0- Denverpost.com. Denver Post, 26 August 2014. <http://www.denverpost.
com/golden/ci_26408442/canadian-steel-could-doom-repairs-made-historic-morrison>. 
419 Mitchell David, and Ashley Michels. +IBw-New Bridge May be Torn Up Because Steel was Manufactured in Canada.+IB0- Kdvr.com. FOX31 Denver. 26 August 2014. Web. 
<http://kdvr.com/2014/08/26/brand-new-bridge-in-morrison-may-have-to-be-ripped-out/>. 
420 Mitchell David, and Ashley Michels. +IBw-New Bridge May be Torn Up Because Steel was Manufactured in Canada.+IB0- Kdvr.com. FOX31 Denver. 26 August 2014. Web. 
<http://kdvr.com/2014/08/26/brand-new-bridge-in-morrison-may-have-to-be-ripped-out/>. 
421 McKenna, Barrie. +IBw-Canadian Steel Used in U.S. Bridge Triggers +IBg-Buy America+IBk- Fiasco.+IB0- Theglobeandmail.com. The Globe and Mail Inc. 18 September 2014. Web. 
<http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/international-business/us-business/buy-america-act-provides-punishment-for-small-colorado-town/
article20660211/>. 
422 Grossman, Marcy. +IBw-+IBg-Buy America+IBk- is a Hindrance to Expanding Trade,+IB0- denverpost.com. Denver Post. 13 September 2014. <http://www.denverpost.com/opinion/
ci_26520336/buy-america-is-hindrance-expanding-trade>. 
423 McKenna, Barrie. +IBw-Canadian Steel Used in U.S. Bridge Triggers +IBg-Buy America+IBk- Fiasco.+IB0- Theglobeandmail.com. The Globe and Mail Inc. 18 September 2014. Web. 
<http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/international-business/us-business/buy-america-act-provides-punishment-for-small-colorado-town/
article20660211/>. 
424 McKenna, Barrie. +IBw-Canadian Steel Used in U.S. Bridge Triggers +IBg-Buy America+IBk- Fiasco.+IB0- Theglobeandmail.com. The Globe and Mail Inc. 18 September 2014. Web. 
<http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/international-business/us-business/buy-america-act-provides-punishment-for-small-colorado-town/
article20660211/>. 
425 Philpott, Tom, +IBw-Sleep Apnea Boom Splits Vet Community.+IB0- Militaryadvantage.military.com. Military Advantage. 25 February 2014. <http://militaryadvantage.military.
com/2014/02/sleep-apnea-boom-splits-vet-community/>. 
426 Philpott, Tom, +IBw-Sleep Apnea Boom Splits Vet Community.+IB0- Militaryadvantage.military.com. Military Advantage. 25 February 2014. <http://militaryadvantage.military.
com/2014/02/sleep-apnea-boom-splits-vet-community/>. 
427 National Sleep Foundation. +IBw-Sleep Apnea.+IB0- Sleepfoundation.org. National Sleep Foundation. <http://sleepfoundation.org/sleep-disorders-problems/sleep-apnea>. 
428 National Sleep Foundation. +IBw-Sleep Apnea.+IB0- Sleepfoundation.org. National Sleep Foundation. <http://sleepfoundation.org/sleep-disorders-problems/sleep-apnea>. 
429 National Sleep Foundation. +IBw-Sleep Apnea.+IB0- Sleepfoundation.org. National Sleep Foundation. <http://sleepfoundation.org/sleep-disorders-problems/sleep-apnea>. 
430 Department of Veterans Affairs. +IBw-Benefit Rates.+IB0- Benefits.va.gov. U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. Web. <http://www.benefits.va.gov/compensation/rates-
index.asp#combined>. 
431 Chumley, Cheryl K. +IBw-Rep. Tammy Duckworth, Double Amputee, Slams IRS Worker on Disability.+IB0- Washingtontimes.com. The Washington Times, LLC. 27 June 2013. 
Web. <http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/jun/27/rep-tammy-duckworth-double-amputee-slams-irs-worke/>. 
432 Chumley, Cheryl K. +IBw-Rep. Tammy Duckworth, Double Amputee, Slams IRS Worker on Disability.+IB0- Washingtontimes.com. The Washington Times, LLC. 27 June 2013. 
Web. <http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/jun/27/rep-tammy-duckworth-double-amputee-slams-irs-worke/>. 
433 Philpott, Tom, +IBw-Sleep Apnea Boom Splits Vet Community.+IB0- Militaryadvantage.military.com. Military Advantage. 25 February 2014. <http://militaryadvantage.military.
com/2014/02/sleep-apnea-boom-splits-vet-community/>. 
434 Philpott, Tom, +IBw-Sleep Apnea Boom Splits Vet Community.+IB0- Militaryadvantage.military.com. Military Advantage. 25 February 2014. <http://militaryadvantage.military.
com/2014/02/sleep-apnea-boom-splits-vet-community/>. 
435 Philpott, Tom. +IBw-Attorney Urges End to Sleep Apnea Claims +IBg-Abuse.+IBk-+IB0- Military.com. Military Advantage. Web. <http://www.military.com/benefits/2013/05/30/
attorney-urges-an-end-to-sleep-apnea-claims-abuse.html>. 
436 Philpott, Tom, +IBw-Sleep Apnea Boom Splits Vet Community.+IB0- Militaryadvantage.military.com. Military Advantage. 25 February 2014. <http://militaryadvantage.military.
com/2014/02/sleep-apnea-boom-splits-vet-community/>. 
437 Philpott, Tom, +IBw-Sleep Apnea Boom Splits Vet Community.+IB0- Militaryadvantage.military.com. Military Advantage. 25 February 2014. <http://militaryadvantage.military.
com/2014/02/sleep-apnea-boom-splits-vet-community/>. 

86

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-438 Philpott, Tom, +IBw-Sleep Apnea Boom Splits Vet Community.+IB0- Militaryadvantage.military.com. Military Advantage. 25 February 2014. <http://militaryadvantage.military.
com/2014/02/sleep-apnea-boom-splits-vet-community/>. 
439 U.S. Army. +IBw-Benefits +IBM- Basic Pay: Active Duty Soldiers.+IB0- Goarmy.com. The United States Army. Web. Accessed 9 October 2014. <http://www.goarmy.com/
benefits/money/basic-pay-active-duty-soldiers.html>. 
440 Merritt, Zina D. Defense Logistics: Actions Needed to Improve Department-Wide Management of Conventional Ammunition Survey. Rep. no. GAO-14-182. Report to 
the Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. U.S. Senate, Washington, D.C.: Government Accountability Office. March 2014. <http://
www.gao.gov/assets/670/662161.pdf>. 
441 Vanden Brook, Tom. +IBw-Pentagon Refutes Senators+IBk- Charges of Wasted Ammo.+IB0- Usatoday.com. Gannett. 8 August 2014. <http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/
nation/2014/07/01/pentagon-ammunition-senate/11797375/>. 
442 Merritt, Zina D. Defense Logistics: Actions Needed to Improve Department-Wide Management of Conventional Ammunition Survey. Rep. no. GAO-14-182. Report to 
the Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. U.S. Senate, Washington, D.C.: Government Accountability Office. March 2014. <http://
www.gao.gov/assets/670/662161.pdf>. 
443 Merritt, Zina D. Defense Logistics: Actions Needed to Improve Department-Wide Management of Conventional Ammunition Survey. Rep. no. GAO-14-182. Report to 
the Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. U.S. Senate, Washington, D.C.: Government Accountability Office. March 2014. <http://
www.gao.gov/assets/670/662161.pdf>. 
444 Merritt, Zina D. Defense Logistics: Actions Needed to Improve Department-Wide Management of Conventional Ammunition Survey. Rep. no. GAO-14-182. Report to 
the Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. U.S. Senate, Washington, D.C.: Government Accountability Office. March 2014. <http://
www.gao.gov/assets/670/662161.pdf>. 
445 Vakoch, Douglas A., +IBw-Archaeology, Anthropology, and Interstellar Communication.+IB0- Nasa.gov. Web. Accessed 17 October 2014. <http://www.nasa.gov/connect/
ebooks/archaeology_anthropology_and_interstellar_communication.html>. 
446 Vakoch, Douglas A., +IBw-Archaeology, Anthropology, and Interstellar Communication,+IB0- NASA website. http://www.nasa.gov/connect/ebooks/archaeology_
anthropology_and_interstellar_communication.html 
447 Vakoch, Douglas A., +IBw-Archaeology, Anthropology, and Interstellar Communication.+IB0- Nasa.gov. Web. Accessed 17 October 2014. <http://www.nasa.gov/connect/
ebooks/archaeology_anthropology_and_interstellar_communication.html>. 
448 Vakoch, Douglas A., +IBw-Archaeology, Anthropology, and Interstellar Communication.+IB0- Nasa.gov. Web. Accessed 17 October 2014. <http://www.nasa.gov/connect/
ebooks/archaeology_anthropology_and_interstellar_communication.html>. 
p248. 
449 Vakoch, Douglas A., +IBw-Archaeology, Anthropology, and Interstellar Communication.+IB0- Nasa.gov. Web. Accessed 17 October 2014. <http://www.nasa.gov/connect/
ebooks/archaeology_anthropology_and_interstellar_communication.html>. 
p248. 
450 Barry, William P. +IBw-From the Chief Historian.+IB0- Nasa.gov. NASA News & Notes. Web. Accessed 17 October 2014. <http://history.nasa.gov/nltr31-1.pdf>. p1-2 
451 Information provided by NASA to the Congressional Research Service on July 7, 2014. 
452 Isherwood, Charles. +IBw-A Dragon Returns, This Time Onstage.+IB0- Nytimes.com. The New York Times. 24 February 2014. <http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/25/
theater/david-henry-hwangs-kung-fu-opens-at-signature-theater.html?_r=0>. 
453 McElroy, Steven. +IBw-Fighting (and Dancing) Like Bruce Lee.+IB0- Nytimes.com. The New York Times. February 17, 2014. <http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/18/theater/
for-the-play-kung-fu-choreographing-combat.html?_r=1>. 
454 National Endowment for the Arts. <http://arts.gov/>. 
455 Stasio, Marilyn. +IBw-Off Broadway Review: Bruce Lee Bio-Drama +IBg-Kung Fu+IBk-.+IB0- 24 February 2014. <http://variety.com/2014/legit/reviews/off-broadway-review-bruce-
lee-bio-drama-kung-fu-1201116963/>. 
456 Isherwood, Charles. +IBw-A Dragon Returns, This Time Onstage.+IB0- Nytimes.com. The New York Times. 24 February 2014. <http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/25/
theater/david-henry-hwangs-kung-fu-opens-at-signature-theater.html?_r=0>. 
457 Isherwood, Charles. +IBw-A Dragon Returns, This Time Onstage.+IB0- Nytimes.com. The New York Times. 24 February 2014. <http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/25/
theater/david-henry-hwangs-kung-fu-opens-at-signature-theater.html?_r=0>. 
458 +IBw-Support Signature Theatre.+IB0- Signature Theatre. <http://www.signaturetheatre.org/support/index.aspx> 
459 +IBw-Federal Award Identifier: 14-3200-7100.+IB0- Usaspending.gov. <http://www.usaspending.gov/explore?frompage=assistance&tab=By%20Prime%20
Awardee&comingfrom=searchresults&federal_award_id=14-3200-7100&fiscal_year=all&typeofview=complete>. 
460 U.S. Department of Transportation, +IBw-Tiger Awards, 2013.+IB0- dot.gov. Connecticut Department of Transportation. Web. <http://www.dot.gov/sites/dot.gov/files/
docs/TIGER_2013_FactSheets.pdf>. 
461 The City of Fresno. +IBw-The (Broken) Heart of Our City: A Fulton Mall Timeline.+IB0- 8 February 2013. Web. <http://www.fresno.gov/NR/rdonlyres/2AD4C88B-9C6B-
4581-BF39-57DC024DBA89/26488/FultonMallTimeline.pdf>. 
462 Mumma, Linda. +IBw-Luftenburgs Bridal leaving Fulton Mall.+IB0- Abclocal.go.com. KFSN-TV ABC. 29 June 2013. <http://abclocal.go.com/kfsn/story?section=news/
local&id=9156394>. 
463 Website of the City of Fresno. +IBw-Fresno Fulton Corridor Specific Plan, City of Fresno, California (Public Draft).+IB0- 14 October 2011. <http://webapp.fresno.gov/
FresnoPlans/FultonCorridor/FCSP_Ch_04_Fulton_Mall_0.pdf>. 
464 Website of the City of Fresno. +IBw-Fresno Fulton Corridor Specific Plan, City of Fresno, California (Public Draft).+IB0- 14 October 2011. <http://webapp.fresno.gov/
FresnoPlans/FultonCorridor/FCSP_Ch_04_Fulton_Mall_0.pdf>. 
465 Wozniacka, Gosia. +IBw-Fresno Moving to Tear Up Historic Pedestrian Mall.+IB0- Ap.org. The Associated Press. 28 September 2013. <http://bigstory.ap.org/article/fresno-
moving-tear-historic-pedestrian-mall>. 
466 Oz, Mike. +IBw-Fulton Mall: Kill it? Rename it? Preserve it?+IB0- FresnoBeehive.com. The Bee. 3 September 2010. Web. <http://fresnobeehive.com/archives/7524>. 
467 Nolte, Carl. +IBw-Sprawl, Clutter Define Fresno/Civic Corruption has Splotched the City+IBk-s Image.+IB0- Sfgate.com. The San Francisco Chronicle. 1 September 1999. <http://
www.sfgate.com/news/article/Sprawl-Clutter-Define-Fresno-Civic-corruption-2911067.php>. 
468 Nolte, Carl. Fresno Council of Government, +IBw-Downtown Transportation and Infrastructure Study (Prepared for the City of Fresno,+IB0- October 2007 
<http://www.fresnocog.org/files/TransitDocs/Fresno%20Downtown%20Transportation%20and%20Infrastructure%20Study-Final.pdf>. 
469 The City of Fresno. Newsroom. Mayor Swearengin: +IBg-Historic+IBk- Federal Grant Will Help Return Downtown Fresno to Prosperity. Fresno.com. N.p., 9 June 2013. Web. 17 
Oct. 2014. <Mayor Swearengin: +IBg-Historic+IBk- Federal Grant Will Help Return Downtown Fresno to Prosperity>. 

87

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-470 Hostetter, George. +IBw-Reopen Fresno+IBk-s Fulton Mall to traffic, City Council says in historic vote.+IB0- FresnoBee.com. The Bee. 27 February 2014. Web. <http://www.
fresnobee.com/2014/02/27/3794420/fresno-city-council-takes-key.html>. 
471 The City of Fresno. Newsroom. Mayor Swearengin: +IBg-Historic+IBk- Federal Grant Will Help Return Downtown Fresno to Prosperity. Fresno.com. N.p., 9 June 2013. Web. 17 
Oct. 2014. <Mayor Swearengin: +IBg-Historic+IBk- Federal Grant Will Help Return Downtown Fresno to Prosperity>. 
472 U.S. Postal Service Office of Inspector General. Alaska Bypass: Beyond Its Original Purpose. Report No. RARC-WP-12-005. Washington, D.C.: USPSOIG, 28 
November 2011. Web. <http://www.uspsoig.gov/sites/default/files/document-library-files/2013/rarc-wp-12-005.pdf>. 
473 Rein, Lisa. +IBw-U.S. Postal Service losing tens of millions annually subsidizing shipments to Alaska.+IB0- Washingtonpost.com. The Washington Post. 28 June 2014. Web. 
<http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/us-postal-service-losing-tens-of-millions-annually-subsidizing-shipments-to-alaska/2014/06/28/3d007fd6-e51a-11e3-
afc6-a1dd9407abcf_story.html?hpid=z1>. 
474 Whitcomb, Tammy. Oral Statement at a +IBw-Hearing before Subcommittee on Federal Workforce, U.S. Postal Service and the Census, Committee on Oversight and 
Government Reform, House of Representatives.+IB0- 4 March 2014. Web. < http://oversight.house.gov/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/Whitcomb-Testimony.pdf>. 
475 Rein, Lisa. +IBw-U.S. Postal Service losing tens of millions annually subsidizing shipments to Alaska.+IB0- Washingtonpost.com. The Washington Post. 28 June 2014. Web. 
<http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/us-postal-service-losing-tens-of-millions-annually-subsidizing-shipments-to-alaska/2014/06/28/3d007fd6-e51a-11e3-
afc6-a1dd9407abcf_story.html?hpid=z1>. 
476 Rein, Lisa. +IBw-U.S. Postal Service losing tens of millions annually subsidizing shipments to Alaska.+IB0- Washingtonpost.com. The Washington Post. 28 June 2014. Web. 
<http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/us-postal-service-losing-tens-of-millions-annually-subsidizing-shipments-to-alaska/2014/06/28/3d007fd6-e51a-11e3-
afc6-a1dd9407abcf_story.html?hpid=z1>. 
477 +IBw-GRAMMY Museum Mississippi Breaks Ground; NEW GRAMMY MUSEUM SET TO OPEN IN CLEVELAND, MISS., IN SUMMER 2015,+IB0-Grammy.com. The Recording 
Academy. 12 June 2013. <http://www.grammy.com/news/grammy-museum-mississippi-breaks-ground>. 
478 +IBw-GRAMMY Museum Mississippi Breaks Ground; NEW GRAMMY MUSEUM SET TO OPEN IN CLEVELAND, MISS., IN SUMMER 2015,+IB0-Grammy.com. The Recording 
Academy. 12 June 2013. <http://www.grammy.com/news/grammy-museum-mississippi-breaks-ground>. 
479 Gallo, Phil. +IBw-Grammy Museum in Mississippi Set to Break Ground Next Month, Open in 2015.+IB0- Billboard.com. Billboard. 8 February 2013. <http://www.billboard.
com/biz/articles/news/1538573/grammy-museum-in-mississippi-set-to-break-ground-next-month-open-in-2015>. 
480 Associated Press. +IBw-Miss. Grammy Museum gets $1.25M federal grant,+IB0- cdispatch.com. The Commercial Dispatch Company. 10 September 2014. <http://www.
cdispatch.com/news/article.asp?aid=36210>. 
481Gallo, Phil. +IBw-Grammy Museum in Mississippi Set to Break Ground Next Month, Open in 2015.+IB0- Billboard.com. Billboard. 8 February 2013. <http://www.billboard.com/
biz/articles/news/1538573/grammy-museum-in-mississippi-set-to-break-ground-next-month-open-in-2015>. 
482 U.S. Economic Development Administration. Public Affairs Department. U.S. Department of Commerce Invests Nearly $2.75 Million to Upgrade Critical 
Infrastructure to Support Business Growth and Tourism in Mississippi. EDA.gov. Department of Commerce, 9 Sept. 2014. Web. 17 Oct. 2014. <http://www.eda.gov/news/
press-releases/2014/09/09/ms.htm>. 
483 Associated Press. +IBw-Miss. Grammy Museum gets $1.25M federal grant,+IB0- cdispatch.com. The Commercial Dispatch Company. 10 September 2014. <http://www.
cdispatch.com/news/article.asp?aid=36210>. 
484 Wood, Robert. +IBw-Behind The Grammys Taxes,+IB0- Forbes.com. Forbes. 26 January 2014. Web. <http://www.forbes.com/sites/robertwood/2014/01/26/behind-the-
grammys-taxes/>. 
485 Wood, Robert. +IBw-Behind The Grammys Taxes,+IB0- Forbes.com. Forbes. 26 January 2014. Web. <http://www.forbes.com/sites/robertwood/2014/01/26/behind-the-
grammys-taxes/>. 
486 Wood, Robert. +IBw-Behind The Grammys Taxes,+IB0- Forbes.com. Forbes. 26 January 2014. Web. <http://www.forbes.com/sites/robertwood/2014/01/26/behind-the-
grammys-taxes/>. 
487 Wood, Robert. +IBw-Behind The Grammys Taxes,+IB0- Forbes.com. Forbes. 26 January 2014. Web. <http://www.forbes.com/sites/robertwood/2014/01/26/behind-the-
grammys-taxes/>. 
488 Wood, Robert. +IBw-Behind The Grammys Taxes,+IB0- Forbes.com. Forbes. 26 January 2014. Web. <http://www.forbes.com/sites/robertwood/2014/01/26/behind-the-
grammys-taxes/>. 
489 +IBw-FutureCoast.+IB0- FutureCoast. Future Voices. Web. 17 Oct. 2014. <http://futurecoast.org/>. 
490 http://www.futurevoices.net/about/ 
491 Pyper, Julia, +IBw-New Climate-Fiction (Cli-Fi) Game Sends Players Clues from the Future.+IB0- ScientificAmerican.com. The Scientific American. 1 May 2014. Web. <http://
www.scientificamerican.com/article/new-climate-fiction-cli-fi-game-sends-players-clues-from-the-future/>. 
492 See, e.g., FutureCoast, Twitter (June 2 2014, 3:03 PM EDT), https://twitter.com/FutrCoast/status/461206905655148544 (documenting the location of a 
chronofact in Paris). 
493 A Perfect 75+ALo- (Antarctica), FutureCoast, http://futurecoast.org/voicemail/56781-86134025/. 
494 Ten Feet of Snow, FutureCoast, http://futurecoast.org/voicemail/60289-15386431/. 
495 The Food Riots (Chicago), FutureCoast, http://futurecoast.org/voicemail/56208-48137961/. 
496 The Neo-Luddites are Closing In, FutureCoast, http://futurecoast.org/voicemail/93594-38625955/. 
497 When You See Them, FutureCoast, http://futurecoast.org/voicemail/48305-29152180/. 
498 Candy, Stuart. +IBw-Participatory Cli-fi: The Making of FutureCoast.+IB0- Weblog post.Situation Lab. N.p., 12 Feb. 2014. Web. 17 Oct. 2014. <http://situationlab.
org/2014/02/12/futurecoast/>. 
499 Andersen, Michael.+IB0-Voicemails from the Future Explore the Impact of Climate Change.+IB0- Wired.com. Cond+AOk- Nast. Web. 7 February 2014. <http://www.wired.
com/2014/02/futurecoast-climate-change/>. 
500 Andersen, Michael.+IB0-Voicemails from the Future Explore the Impact of Climate Change.+IB0- Wired.com. Cond+AOk- Nast. Web. 7 February 2014. <http://www.wired.
com/2014/02/futurecoast-climate-change/>. 
501 Andersen, Michael.+IB0-Voicemails from the Future Explore the Impact of Climate Change.+IB0- Wired.com. Cond+AOk- Nast. Web. 7 February 2014. <http://www.wired.
com/2014/02/futurecoast-climate-change/>. 
Andersen, Michael.+IB0-Voicemails from the Future Explore the Impact of Climate Change.+IB0- Wired.com. Cond+AOk- Nast. Web. 7 February 2014. <http://www.wired.
com/2014/02/futurecoast-climate-change/>. 
503 Andersen, Michael.+IB0-Voicemails from the Future Explore the Impact of Climate Change.+IB0- Wired.com. Cond+AOk- Nast. Web. 7 February 2014. <http://www.wired.
com/2014/02/futurecoast-climate-change/>. 

88

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-504 Pyper, Julia, +IBw-New Climate-Fiction (Cli-Fi) Game Sends Players Clues from the Future.+IB0- ScientificAmerican.com. The Scientific American. 1 May 2014. Web. <http://
www.scientificamerican.com/article/new-climate-fiction-cli-fi-game-sends-players-clues-from-the-future/>. 
505 +IBw-Enduring Questions: Pilot Course Grants.+IB0- NEH.gov. National Endowment for the Humanities. Web. <https://securegrants.neh.gov/PublicQuery/main.
aspx?q=1&n=0&o=0&k=0&f=0&s=0&p=1&pv=269&d=0&y=0&pg=0&ob=year&or=DESC>. 
506 +IBw-National Endowment For The Humanities Grant Awards And Offers.+IB0- NEH.gov. National Endowment for the Humanities. March 2014. Web. <http://www.neh.gov/
files/press-release/march2014grantsstatebystate.pdf>. 
507 Allan, Marc. +IBw-Why Is It Funny? Professor Bungard Will Tell You.+IB0- Butler.edu. Butler University. 2 June 2014. Web. <http://news.butler.edu/blog/2014/06/bungard/>. 
508 +IBw-Enduring Questions: Pilot Course Grants.+IB0- NEH.gov. National Endowment for the Humanities. Web. <https://securegrants.neh.gov/PublicQuery/main.
aspx?q=1&n=0&o=0&k=0&f=0&s=0&p=1&pv=269&d=0&y=0&pg=0&ob=year&or=DESC>. 
509 Allan, Marc. +IBw-Why Is It Funny? Professor Bungard Will Tell You.+IB0- Butler.edu. Butler University. 2 June 2014. Web. <http://news.butler.edu/blog/2014/06/bungard/>. 
510 Science, technology, engineering and mathematics. 
511 Parker, Laura, +IBw-Luxury Jets Vie for Runways,+IB0- USA Today, August 25, 2003, http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/travel/news/2003/08/25-suv-jets.htm 
512 Moore, Greg, +IBw-Airport gets $18M for construction. mtexpress.com. Idaho Mountain Express and Guide. 16 April 2014. Web. <http://www.mtexpress.com/index2.
php?ID=2007151588>. 
513 Moore, Greg, +IBw-Airport gets $18M for construction. mtexpress.com. Idaho Mountain Express and Guide. 16 April 2014. Web. <http://www.mtexpress.com/index2.
php?ID=2007151588> 
514 Olmsted, Larry, +IBw-Hollywood+IBk-s A-List Ski Resort is Now Top Golf Resort,+IB0- forbes.com. Forbes. 9 June 2012. Web. <http://www.forbes.com/sites/
larryolmsted/2012/06/09/hollywoods-a-list-ski-resort-is-now-top-golf-resort/>. 
515 Stebner, Beth, +IBw-Summer Camp for Moguls! Throngs of Media and Tech Luminaries Descend Upon Idaho for Annual Sun Valley Conference.+IB0- Dailymail.co.uk. 
Associated Newspapers Ltd. 11 July 2012. Web <http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2172172/Sun-Valley-conference-Media-tech-luminaries-descend-Idaho-
annual-Sun-Valley-conference.html>. 
516 +IBw-More than 1,600 homes evacuated in Idaho region where celebrities including Bruce Willis and Arnold Schwarzenegger have homes as winds whip up wildfires, 
Daily Mail UK,, August 17, 2013, <http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2396153/More-1-600-homes-evacuated-Idaho-region-celebrities-including-Bruce-Willis-
Arnold-Schwarzenegger-homes-winds-whip-wildfires.html>; Bellamy, Steve, +IBw-Arnold Schwarzenegger, Maria Shriver, Tom Hanks, Bruce Willis, Ashton Kutcher and 
Clint Eastwood second home in Sun Valley,+IB0- The Ski Channel, July 4, 2009, <http://www.theskichannel.com/news/20090704/arnold-schwarzenegger-maria-shriver-
tom-hanks-bruce-willis-ashton-kutcher-and-clint-eastwood-second-home-in-sun-valley/>. 
517 Olmsted, Larry, +IBw-Hollywood+IBk-s A-List Ski Resort is Now Top Golf Resort.+IB0- Forbes.com. Forbes. 9 June 2012. Web. <http://www.forbes.com/sites/
larryolmsted/2012/06/09/hollywoods-a-list-ski-resort-is-now-top-golf-resort/>. 
518 Olmsted, Larry, +IBw-Hollywood+IBk-s A-List Ski Resort is Now Top Golf Resort.+IB0- Forbes.com. Forbes. 9 June 2012. Web. <http://www.forbes.com/sites/
larryolmsted/2012/06/09/hollywoods-a-list-ski-resort-is-now-top-golf-resort/>. 
519 Olmsted, Larry, +IBw-Hollywood+IBk-s A-List Ski Resort is Now Top Golf Resort.+IB0- Forbes.com. Forbes. 9 June 2012. Web. <http://www.forbes.com/sites/
larryolmsted/2012/06/09/hollywoods-a-list-ski-resort-is-now-top-golf-resort/>./ 
520 Flightstats website. Web. <http://www.flightstats.com/go/FlightStatus/flightStatusByAirport.do?airportCode=SUN&airportQueryType=0> 
521 RRC Associates, Friedman Memorial Airport Passenger Survey: Winter 2013/14 Summary (Prepared for the Fly Sun Valley Alliance), May 2014, http://www.
flysunvalleyalliance.com/documents/SUNWinter2013-14short.pdf 
522 Moore, Greg, +IBw-Airport gets $18M for construction. mtexpress.com. Idaho Mountain Express and Guide. 16 April 2014. Web. <http://www.mtexpress.com/index2.
php?ID=2007151588> 
523 Jervis, Rick, +IBw-Historic Flash Flood Leaves Devastation in Austin,+IB0- usatoday.com. Gannett. 7 November 2013. Web. <http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/
nation/2013/11/07/flash-flood-austin-residents-killed-displaced/3459181/>. 
524 KUT Staff. +IBw-Austin, Travis County Works to Rebuild from Devastating Halloween Floods.+IB0- Kut.org. KUT. 4 November 2013. Web. <http://kut.org/post/austin-travis-
county-works-rebuild-devastating-halloween-floods>. 
525 Office of the Governor Rick Perry. News. Gov. Perry Requests Presidential Disaster Declaration for Central Texas Flood Damage.Governor.state.tx.us. N.p., 13 Dec. 
2013. Web. 17 Oct. 2014. <http://governor.state.tx.us/news/press-release/19168/>. 
526 Federal Emergency Management Agency, Initial Notice, Texas; Major Disaster and Related Determinations, 20 December 2013. Web. <http://www.fema.gov/
disaster/4159/notices/initial-notice>. 
527 Analysis of dataset available at: Federal Emergency Management Agency. FEMA Public Assistance Funded Projects Detail +IBM- Open Government Initiative, 
Publication Date: 11 August 2014. Web. <http://www.fema.gov/media-library/assets/documents/28331>. 
528 City of Austin Department of Parks and Recreation, Roy Kizer Golf Course. Web. <http://www.austintexas.gov/department/roy-kizer-golf-course>. Austin Senior 
Golf Association, COA Golf Course Flood Damage, Message from City of Austin Golf Division. Web. <http://www.austinsga.org/News/COAGolfCourseFloodDamage.
html>. 
529 Analysis of dataset available at: Federal Emergency Management Agency. FEMA Public Assistance Funded Projects Detail +IBM- Open Government Initiative, 
Publication Date: 11 August 2014. Web. <http://www.fema.gov/media-library/assets/documents/28331>. 
530 Analysis of dataset available at: Federal Emergency Management Agency. FEMA Public Assistance Funded Projects Detail +IBM- Open Government Initiative, 
Publication Date: 11 August 2014. Web. <http://www.fema.gov/media-library/assets/documents/28331>. 
531 Austin City Council, Questions and Answers for Thursday, March 20, 201. Web. <http://www.austintexas.gov/edims/document.cfm?id=207248>/. p4. 
532 Austin City Council, Questions and Answers for Thursday, March 20, 201. Web. <http://www.austintexas.gov/edims/document.cfm?id=207248>/. p4. 
Sikora, Edward et al. Golf Course Nematodes- The Hidden Enemy. Highlights of Agricultural Research, Vol. 46 No. 3: Fall 1999, Web. <http://www.aaes.auburn.edu/
comm/pubs/highlightsonline/fall99/golf.html>. 
533 Analysis of dataset available at: Federal Emergency Management Agency. FEMA Public Assistance Funded Projects Detail +IBM- Open Government Initiative, 
Publication Date: 11 August 2014. Web. <http://www.fema.gov/media-library/assets/documents/28331>. 
534 Counsinorville.com. +IBw-Best Disney Resort for Teens.+IB0- Cousinorville.com. 5 September 2013. <http://cousinorville.com/best-disney-resort-for-teens/>. 
535 http://disneyparks.disney.go.com/blog/2013/08/ten-things-you-may-not-know-about-disneys-polynesian-resort-at-walt-disney-world-resort/ 
536 http://www.usaspending.gov/explore?frompage=assistance&tab=By%20Prime%20Awardee&comingfrom=searchresults&federal_award_
id=14E0436212810001&fiscal_year=all&typeofview=complete 
537 http://www.usaspending.gov/explore?frompage=assistance&tab=By%20Prime%20Awardee&comingfrom=searchresults&federal_award_

89

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-id=14E4536081400001&fiscal_year=all&typeofview=complete 
538 http://fortune.com/fortune500/best-buy-co-inc-60/ 
 Sylt ,Christian, +IBw-The Secrets Behind Disney+IBk-s $2.2 Billion Theme Park Profits,+IB0- Forbes, July 14, 2014, 539 http://www.forbes.com/sites/csylt/2014/07/14/the-secrets-
behind-disneys-2-2-billion-theme-park-profits/. 
540 http://wdwnews.com/releases/2014/05/15/walt-disney-world-resort-shares-new-details-on-renovations-at-disneys-polynesian-village-resort/ 
541Montoya, Nestor, +IBw-Disney announces big changes for Polynesian Resort,+IB0- Fox (Orlando), May 22, 2014, http://www.myfoxorlando.com/story/25531051/disney-
announces-big-changes-for-polynesian-resort.
542 https://disneyworld.disney.go.com/resorts/polynesian-resort/ 
543 https://disneyworld.disney.go.com/dining/polynesian-resort/disney-spirit-of-aloha-dinner-show/ 
544 Montoya, Nestor, +IBw-Disney announces big changes for Polynesian Resort,+IB0- Fox (Orlando), May 22, 2014, http://www.myfoxorlando.com/story/25531051/disney-
announces-big-changes-for-polynesian-resort.
545 +IBw-What is Harvart-NTL?+IB0- Harvard-NASA Tournament Lab. Web. 6 October 2014. <http://projects.iq.harvard.edu/nasatournamentlab/home>. 
546 Andrews, Evan. +IBw-10 Things You May Not Know About Genghis Khan.+IB0- History.com , A&E Television Networks, LLC. 29 April 2014. <http://www.history.com/news/
history-lists/10-things-you-may-not-know-about-genghis-khan>. 
547 Andrews, Evan. +IBw-10 Things You May Not Know About Genghis Khan.+IB0- History.com , A&E Television Networks, LLC. 29 April 2014. <http://www.history.com/news/
history-lists/10-things-you-may-not-know-about-genghis-khan>. 
548 Office of Management and Budget, USAspending.gov search, available at http://www.usaspending.gov/search?form_fields={%22search_
term%22%3A%22Tournament%22%2C%22dept%22%3A[%228000%22]%2C%22fyear%22%3A[%222014%22]}&sort_by=dollars&per_page=25 
549 TopCoder. +IBw-Collective Minds & Machines Exploration Challenge.+IB0- Topcoder.com. UC San Diego. 6 October 2014. <http://www.topcoder.com/collectiveminds>. 
550 TopCoder. +IBw-Collective Minds & Machines Exploration Challenge.+IB0- Topcoder.com. UC San Diego. 6 October 2014. <http://www.topcoder.com/collectiveminds>. 
551 TopCoder. (2013, September 3). Collective Minds & Machines Exploration Challenge.[Video File] Topcoder. Retrieved from: <https://www.youtube.com/
watch?v=gJtbLhRHgog >. 
552 Doug Ramsey, +IBw-UC San Diego Research Scientist Teams with TopCoder, NASA for Coding Challenge.+IB0- UC ucsd.edu. San Diego News Center. 13 September 2013. 
<http://ucsdnews.ucsd.edu/pressrelease/uc_san_diego_research_scientist_teams_with_topcoder_nasa_for_coding_challen>. 
553 Doug Ramsey, +IBw-UC San Diego Research Scientist Teams with TopCoder, NASA for Coding Challenge.+IB0- UC ucsd.edu. San Diego News Center. 13 September 2013. 
<http://ucsdnews.ucsd.edu/pressrelease/uc_san_diego_research_scientist_teams_with_topcoder_nasa_for_coding_challen>. 
554 Davis, Carolyn. +IBw-The Long Road to a Failed Project in Norristown.+IB0- Philly.com. Philadelphia Media Network LLC. 17 February 2014. Web. <http://articles.philly.
com/2014-02-17/news/47382264_1_jerry-nugent-charles-gallub-norristown>. 
555 Davis, Carolyn. +IBw-The Long Road to a Failed Project in Norristown.+IB0- Philly.com. Philadelphia Media Network LLC. 17 February 2014. Web. <http://articles.philly.
com/2014-02-17/news/47382264_1_jerry-nugent-charles-gallub-norristown>. 
556 Davis, Carolyn. +IBw-The Long Road to a Failed Project in Norristown.+IB0- Philly.com. Philadelphia Media Network LLC. 17 February 2014. Web. <http://articles.philly.
com/2014-02-17/news/47382264_1_jerry-nugent-charles-gallub-norristown>. 
557 Kostelni, Natalie. +IBw-How Montgomery County Gabled and Lost on a Film Studio. Bizjournals.com. American City Business Journals (Philadelphia Division). 21 June 
2013. Web. <http://www.bizjournals.com/philadelphia/print-edition/2013/06/21/how-montgomery-county-gambled-and.html?page=all>. 
558 Kostelni, Natalie. +IBw-How Montgomery County Gabled and Lost on a Film Studio. Bizjournals.com. American City Business Journals (Philadelphia Division). 21 June 
2013. Web. <http://www.bizjournals.com/philadelphia/print-edition/2013/06/21/how-montgomery-county-gambled-and.html?page=all>. 
559 Davis, Carolyn. +IBw-The Long Road to a Failed Project in Norristown.+IB0- Philly.com. Philadelphia Media Network LLC. 17 February 2014. Web. <http://articles.philly.
com/2014-02-17/news/47382264_1_jerry-nugent-charles-gallub-norristown>. 
560 Wine and Vines Staff. +IBw-Ask Dr. Vinny.+IB0- Winesandvines.com. Wine Spectator. 27 January 2014. Web. <http://www.winespectator.com/drvinny/show/id/46410>. 
561 Wine and Vines Staff. +IBw-Number of Wineries Grows to 8,391 in North America. Winesandvines.com. Wine Spectator. 27 January 2014. Web. <http://www.
winesandvines.com/template.cfm?section=news&content=127266>. 
562 Hatch Red Chile Wine, Online Wine Store Accessed 18 October 2014. Web. <http://www.stclairwinery.com/online-wine-store/>. 
563 USDA. +IBw-Value-Added Producer Grant Awards Fiscal Year 2014.+IB0- Rurdev.usda.gov. USDA Rural Development. Accessed 18 September 2014/ <http://www.rurdev.
usda.gov/supportdocuments/RD_2014VAPGRecipients.pdf>. 
564 USDA. +IBw-Value-Added Producer Grants.+IB0- Rurdev.usda.gov. USDA Rural Development. <http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_VAPG.html>. 
565 Office of Senator Tom Udall. News Room. Udall Announces Funding to Help Deming Winery Expand Operations. N.p., 27 Aug. 2014. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. <http://
www.tomudall.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1745>. 
566 Hatch Red Chile Wine, Online Wine Store Accessed 18 October 2014. Web. <http://www.stclairwinery.com/online-wine-store/>. 
567 Van Tieghem, Jen. +IBw-Southwest Wines+IBk- Hatch Green Chile Lacks Punch.+IB0- Sdcitybeat.com. San Diego City Beat. 30 August 2013. Web. http://www.sdcitybeat.com/
sandiego/article-12155-southwest-wines-hatch-green-chile-lacks-punch.html>. 
568 Van Tieghem, Jen. +IBw-Southwest Wines+IBk- Hatch Green Chile Lacks Punch.+IB0- Sdcitybeat.com. San Diego City Beat. 30 August 2013. Web. http://www.sdcitybeat.com/
sandiego/article-12155-southwest-wines-hatch-green-chile-lacks-punch.html>. 
569 USDA. +IBw-Value-Added Producer Grant Awards Fiscal Year 2014.+IB0- Rurdev.usda.gov. USDA Rural Development. Accessed 18 September 2014/ <http://www.rurdev.
usda.gov/supportdocuments/RD_2014VAPGRecipients.pdf>. 
570 USDA. +IBw-Value-Added Producer Grant Awards Fiscal Year 2014.+IB0- Rurdev.usda.gov. USDA Rural Development. Accessed 18 September 2014/ <http://www.rurdev.
usda.gov/supportdocuments/RD_2014VAPGRecipients.pdf>. 
571 USDA. +IBw-Value-Added Producer Grant Awards Fiscal Year 2014.+IB0- Rurdev.usda.gov. USDA Rural Development. Accessed 18 September 2014/ <http://www.rurdev.
usda.gov/supportdocuments/RD_2014VAPGRecipients.pdf>. 
572 USDA. +IBw-Value-Added Producer Grant Awards Fiscal Year 2014.+IB0- Rurdev.usda.gov. USDA Rural Development. Accessed 18 September 2014/ <http://www.rurdev.
usda.gov/supportdocuments/RD_2014VAPGRecipients.pdf>. 
573 Harris, Amy Julia. +IBw-Subsidized Squalor: Residents Live in Filth, Fear in Mismanaged Bay Area Public Housing.+IB0- Cir.org. The Center for Investigative Reporting. 17 
February 2014. <https://beta.cironline.org/reports/residents-live-in-filth-fear-in-mismanaged-bay-area-public-housing/>. 
574 Resolution of the Board of Commissioners of the Housing Authority of the City of Richmond Accepting the Operating Budget for FY2014/2015.+IB0- Resolution No. 
1978. The City of Richmond, California. 17 June 2014. <http://www.ci.richmond.ca.us/ArchiveCenter/ViewFile/Item/5890>. 

90

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-575 Harris, Amy Julia. +IBw-Subsidized Squalor: Residents Live in Filth, Fear in Mismanaged Bay Area Public Housing.+IB0- Cir.org. The Center for Investigative Reporting. 17 
February 2014. <https://beta.cironline.org/reports/residents-live-in-filth-fear-in-mismanaged-bay-area-public-housing/>. 
576 Harris, Amy Julia. +IBw-Subsidized Squalor: Residents Live in Filth, Fear in Mismanaged Bay Area Public Housing.+IB0- Cir.org. The Center for Investigative Reporting. 17 
February 2014. <https://beta.cironline.org/reports/residents-live-in-filth-fear-in-mismanaged-bay-area-public-housing/>. . 
577 Harris, Amy Julia. +IBw-Frustrated Residents Sound off on Richmond Public Housing.+IB0- Cir.org. The Center for Investigative Reporting. 5 March 2014. <https://beta.
cironline.org/reports/frustrated-public-housing-residents-give-lawmakers-an-earful-at-meeting/>. 
578Harris, Amy Julia. +IBw-Frustrated Residents Sound off on Richmond Public Housing.+IB0- Cir.org. The Center for Investigative Reporting. 5 March 2014. <https://beta.
cironline.org/reports/frustrated-public-housing-residents-give-lawmakers-an-earful-at-meeting/>. 
579 Harris, Amy Julia. +IBw-Frustrated Residents Sound off on Richmond Public Housing.+IB0- Cir.org. The Center for Investigative Reporting. 5 March 2014. <https://beta.
cironline.org/reports/frustrated-public-housing-residents-give-lawmakers-an-earful-at-meeting/>. 
580 Harris, Amy Julia. +IBw-Subsidized Squalor: Residents Live in Filth, Fear in Mismanaged Bay Area Public Housing.+IB0- Cir.org. The Center for Investigative Reporting. 17 
February 2014. <https://beta.cironline.org/reports/residents-live-in-filth-fear-in-mismanaged-bay-area-public-housing/>. 
581 Harris, Amy Julia. +IBw-Subsidized Squalor: Residents Live in Filth, Fear in Mismanaged Bay Area Public Housing.+IB0- Cir.org. The Center for Investigative Reporting. 17 
February 2014. <https://beta.cironline.org/reports/residents-live-in-filth-fear-in-mismanaged-bay-area-public-housing/>. 
582 Coburn, Tom. +IBw-To End Payments to landlords Who Are Endangering the Lives of Children and Needy Families.+IB0- S. Amdt. 792 to S.Amdt. 738 to H.R. 2112. <http://
www.coburn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?a=Files.Serve&File_id=6842dfb5-9d28-42b2-a822-a02a976319bd>. 
583 U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 112th Congress +IBM- 1st Session. Vote on Coburn Amendment No. 792, As Modified. 21 October 2011. <http://www.senate.gov/legislative/
LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=112&session=1&vote=00184>. 
584 Rogers, Robert. +IBw-Embattled Richmond Housing Authority Funded Extensive Training Trips for Volunteer Advisers.+IB0- Contracostatimes.com. Contra Costa Times. 18 
April 2014. <http://www.contracostatimes.com/west-county-times/ci_25593579/embattled-richmond-housing-authority-funded-extensive-training-trips>. 
585Rogers, Robert. +IBw-Embattled Richmond Housing Authority Funded Extensive Training Trips for Volunteer Advisers.+IB0- Contracostatimes.com. Contra Costa Times. 18 
April 2014. <http://www.contracostatimes.com/west-county-times/ci_25593579/embattled-richmond-housing-authority-funded-extensive-training-trips>. 
586Rogers, Robert. +IBw-Embattled Richmond Housing Authority Funded Extensive Training Trips for Volunteer Advisers.+IB0- Contracostatimes.com. Contra Costa Times. 18 
April 2014. <http://www.contracostatimes.com/west-county-times/ci_25593579/embattled-richmond-housing-authority-funded-extensive-training-trips>. 
587Harris, Amy Julia. +IBw-Subsidized Squalor: Residents Live in Filth, Fear in Mismanaged Bay Area Public Housing.+IB0- Cir.org. The Center for Investigative Reporting. 17 
February 2014. <https://beta.cironline.org/reports/residents-live-in-filth-fear-in-mismanaged-bay-area-public-housing/>. 
588 Harris, Amy Julia. +IBw-Frustrated Residents Sound off on Richmond Public Housing.+IB0- Cir.org. The Center for Investigative Reporting. 5 March 2014. <https://beta.
cironline.org/reports/frustrated-public-housing-residents-give-lawmakers-an-earful-at-meeting/>. 
589 Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General DHS Does Not Adequately Manage or Have Enforcement Authority Over Its Components+IBk- Vehicle 
Operations. Report No. OIG-14-126, Washington, D.C.: DHS-OIG, August 2014. Web. <http://www.oig.dhs.gov/assets/Mgmt/2014/OIG_14-126_Aug14.pdf>. 
590 An +IBw-underused+IB0- vehicle is a vehicle that is driven less than 12,000 miles per annum. 
591 Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General DHS Does Not Adequately Manage or Have Enforcement Authority Over Its Components+IBk- Vehicle 
Operations. Report No. OIG-14-126, Washington, D.C.: DHS-OIG, August 2014. Web. <http://www.oig.dhs.gov/assets/Mgmt/2014/OIG_14-126_Aug14.pdf>. 
592 Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General DHS Does Not Adequately Manage or Have Enforcement Authority Over Its Components+IBk- Vehicle 
Operations. Report No. OIG-14-126, Washington, D.C.: DHS-OIG, August 2014. Web. <http://www.oig.dhs.gov/assets/Mgmt/2014/OIG_14-126_Aug14.pdf>. 
593 Foumberg, Jason.+IBw-I+APE-igo Manglano-Ovalle.+IB0- Frieze.com. Frieze Magazine. 17 November 2013. Web. <http://www.frieze.com/issue/print_back/inigo-manglano-
ovalle/>. 
594 Hirschkorn, Phil. +IBw-Bird Sculpture Fetches Record $27million.+IB0- Cnn.com. CNN. 5 May 2005. Web. <http://www.cnn.com/2005/US/05/04/sculpture.record/>. 
595 Foumberg, Jason.+IBw-I+APE-igo Manglano-Ovalle.+IB0- Frieze.com. Frieze Magazine. 17 November 2013. Web. <http://www.frieze.com/issue/print_back/inigo-manglano-
ovalle/>. 
596 Foumberg, Jason.+IBw-I+APE-igo Manglano-Ovalle.+IB0- Frieze.com. Frieze Magazine. 17 November 2013. Web. <http://www.frieze.com/issue/print_back/inigo-manglano-
ovalle/>. 
597 Lorenz, Phillip, III. +IBw-Art Meets Science in Unique Tunnel 9 Test of a Bird+ICY-In Flight.+IB0- Arnold.af.mil. Arnold Air Force Base. 25 January 2013.<http://www.arnold.af.mil/
news/story.asp?id=123333920>. 
598 Lorenz, Phillip, III. +IBw-Art Meets Science in Unique Tunnel 9 Test of a Bird+ICY-In Flight.+IB0- Arnold.af.mil. Arnold Air Force Base. 25 January 2013.<http://www.arnold.af.mil/
news/story.asp?id=123333920>. 
599 USA Spending. Prime Award Spending Data. PIID: GS11P12MKC0023 6 May 2014. Web. <http://www.usaspending.gov/explore?fiscal_
year=all&comingfrom=searchresults&piid=GS11P12MKC0023&modification=PS04&typeofview=complete>. 
600 Vergun, David, +IBw-+IBk-Iron-Man-style Suit in Early Stages of Development.+IB0- Army.mil. Army News Service. 17 October 2013. Web. <http://www.army.mil/
article/113332/>. 
601 Nissenbaum, Dion, +IBw-U.S. Military Turns to Hollywood to Outfit the Soldier of the Future.+IB0- Wsj.com. Dow Jones & Company. 4 July 2014. Web. <http://online.wsj.com/
articles/u-s-military-turns-to-hollywood-to-outfit-the-soldier-of-the-future-1404527893>. 
602 Nissenbaum, Dion, +IBw-U.S. Military Turns to Hollywood to Outfit the Soldier of the Future.+IB0- Wsj.com. Dow Jones & Company. 4 July 2014. Web. <http://online.wsj.
com/articles/u-s-military-turns-to-hollywood-to-outfit-the-soldier-of-the-future-1404527893>. 
603 Nissenbaum, Dion, +IBw-U.S. Military Turns to Hollywood to Outfit the Soldier of the Future.+IB0- Wsj.com. Dow Jones & Company. 4 July 2014. Web. <http://online.wsj.
com/articles/u-s-military-turns-to-hollywood-to-outfit-the-soldier-of-the-future-1404527893>. 
604 Cox, Matt. +IBw-Congress Wants More Control of Special Ops Iron Man Suit.+IB0- DefenseTech.org. Military Advantage. 29 April 2014. Web. <http://defensetech.
org/2014/04/29/congress-wants-more-control-of-special-ops-iron-man-suit/>. 
605 Strauss, Mark. +IBw-The Military Has Hired Hollywood to Help Build an Actual Iron Man Suit.+IB0- Io9.com. Kinja. 7 July 2014. <http://io9.com/the-military-has-hired-
hollywood-to-help-build-an-actua-1601102216>. 
606 Cox, Matt. +IBw-Congress Wants More Control of Special Ops Iron Man Suit.+IB0- DefenseTech.org. Military Advantage. 29 April 2014. Web. <http://defensetech.
org/2014/04/29/congress-wants-more-control-of-special-ops-iron-man-suit/>. 
607 Nissenbaum, Dion, +IBw-U.S. Military Turns to Hollywood to Outfit the Soldier of the Future.+IB0- Wsj.com. Dow Jones & Company. 4 July 2014. Web. <http://online.wsj.com/
articles/u-s-military-turns-to-hollywood-to-outfit-the-soldier-of-the-future-1404527893>. 
608 Committee on Making the Soldier Decisive on Future Battlefields; Board on Army Science and Technology ; Division on Engineering and Physical Sciences; 
National Research Council. Making the Soldier Decisive on Future Battlefields. Washington: National Academies, 2013. Web. <http://www.nap.edu/catalog.php?record_

91

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-id=18321>. P4. 
609 Nissenbaum, Dion, +IBw-U.S. Military Turns to Hollywood to Outfit the Soldier of the Future.+IB0- Wsj.com. Dow Jones & Company. 4 July 2014. Web. <http://online.wsj.
com/articles/u-s-military-turns-to-hollywood-to-outfit-the-soldier-of-the-future-1404527893>. 
610 Nissenbaum, Dion, +IBw-U.S. Military Turns to Hollywood to Outfit the Soldier of the Future.+IB0- Wsj.com. Dow Jones & Company. 4 July 2014. Web. <http://online.wsj.com/
articles/u-s-military-turns-to-hollywood-to-outfit-the-soldier-of-the-future-1404527893>. 
611 Nissenbaum, Dion, +IBw-U.S. Military Turns to Hollywood to Outfit the Soldier of the Future.+IB0- Wsj.com. Dow Jones & Company. 4 July 2014. Web. <http://online.wsj.com/
articles/u-s-military-turns-to-hollywood-to-outfit-the-soldier-of-the-future-1404527893>. 
612 Nissenbaum, Dion, +IBw-U.S. Military Turns to Hollywood to Outfit the Soldier of the Future.+IB0- Wsj.com. Dow Jones & Company. 4 July 2014. Web. <http://online.wsj.com/
articles/u-s-military-turns-to-hollywood-to-outfit-the-soldier-of-the-future-1404527893>. 
613 Nissenbaum, Dion, +IBw-U.S. Military Turns to Hollywood to Outfit the Soldier of the Future.+IB0- Wsj.com. Dow Jones & Company. 4 July 2014. Web. <http://online.wsj.com/
articles/u-s-military-turns-to-hollywood-to-outfit-the-soldier-of-the-future-1404527893>. 
614 Drug Enforcement Agency. +IBw-The History Behind the DEA Museum.+IB0- Deamuseum.org. DEA Visitors Center. Web. <http://www.deamuseum.org/museum_mhistory.
html>. 
615 Friedersdorf, Conor. +IBw-Your Tax Dollars at Work: The DEA Renovates Its Propaganda Museum.+IB0- Theatlantic.com. The Atlantic Monthly Group. 30 May 2013. Web. 
http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2013/05/your-tax-dollars-at-work-the-dea-renovates-its-propaganda-museum/276376/>. 
616 USASpending.gov, +IBw-Prime Award Spending Data: DEA Office of Congressional & Public Affairs.+IB0- Web. <http://www.usaspending.gov/explore?fiscal_
year=all&comingfrom=searchresults&piid=DJD14HQP0715&typeofview=complete>. 
617 USASpending.gov, +IBw-Prime Award Spending Data: DEA Office of Congressional & Public Affairs.+IB0- Web. <http://www.usaspending.gov/explore?fiscal_
year=all&comingfrom=searchresults&piid=DJD14HQP0715&typeofview=complete>. 
618 USASpending.gov, +IBw-Prime Award Spending Data: DEA Office of Congressional & Public Affairs.+IB0- Web. <http://www.usaspending.gov/explore?fiscal_
year=all&comingfrom=searchresults&piid=DJD14HQP0715&typeofview=complete>. 
619 +IBw-DEA Museum to Get Major Makeover in 2013.+IB0- The Informant 7 (fall 2014): 1. Deaeducationalfoundation.org. Drug Enforcement Agency. Web. <http://www.
deaeducationalfoundation.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/Informant-Fall-2012-Vol7-No1.pdf>. 
620 Daniel, Dale. +IBw-Spoils From Drug War On Display in Disputed DEA Museum.+IB0- Chron.com. Houston Chronicle Washington Bureau. 17 June 2007. Web. <http://www.
chron.com/news/nation-world/article/Spoils-from-drug-war-on-display-in-disputed-DEA-1609954.php>. 
621 U.S. Department of Justice. Press Room. DEA OPENS MUSEUM TO THE PUBLIC WITH INAUGURAL EXHIBIT ON +IBw-ILLEGAL DRUGS IN AMERICA: A MODERN 
HISTORY+IB0- Justice.gov. N.p., 30 Apr. 1999. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. <http://www.justice.gov/dea/pubs/pressrel/pr043099.htm>. 
622 Drug Enforcement Agency. +IBw-Group Tours.+IB0- Deamuseum.org. DEA Visitors Center. Web. <http://www.deamuseum.org/museum_gptours.html>. 
623 Washington Post. +IBw-Going Out Guide +IBM- Museums.+IB0- Washingtonpost.com. Reuters. Web. <http://www.washingtonpost.com/gog/museums/dea-museum,800290.
html>. 
624 Drug Enforcement Agency. +IBw-Education.+IB0- Deamuseum.org. DEA Visitors Center. Web. <http://www.deamuseum.org/education/kids/>. 
625 Website of DEA Educational Foundation Gift Shop (Archive). +IBw-Scout, DEA PLUSH GERMAN SHEPHERD, <http://www.apifederal.com/dea/default.
aspx?p=viewitem&item=D2171&subno=&showpage=13&subcat>. 
626 Daniel, Dale. +IBw-Spoils From Drug War On Display in Disputed DEA Museum.+IB0- Chron.com. Houston Chronicle Washington Bureau. 17 June 2007. Web. <http://www.
chron.com/news/nation-world/article/Spoils-from-drug-war-on-display-in-disputed-DEA-1609954.php>. 
627 Drug Enforcement Agency. +IBw-The Informant.+IB0- Deaeducationalfoundation.org. DEA Educational Foundation. Web. <http://www.deaeducationalfoundation.org/wp-
content/uploads/2010/06/Informant-Fall-2012-Vol7-No1.pdf>. 
628 Government Accountability Office, Missile Defense: Opportunity to Refocus on Strengthening Acquisition Management, GAO-13-432, April 2013, http://www.gao.
gov/assets/660/654233.pdf . 
629 +IBw-Missile Defense Agency.+IB0- The Ballistic Missile Defense System. Department of Defense, 12 Dec. 2013. Web. 8 Oct. 2014. <http://www.mda.mil/system/system.
html>. 
630 +IBw-Ground-based Midcourse Defense.+IB0- The Missile Defense Agency. Department of Defense, 4 June 2014. Web. <http://www.mda.mil/global/documents/pdf/
gmdfacts.pdf>. 
631 38 WCPD 2172 +IBw-Statement Announcing a Missile Defense Initiative.+IB0- (December 17, 2002). Web. <http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/PPP-2002-book2/pdf/PPP-
2002-book2-doc-pg2198.pdf>. 
632 Sullivan, Michael J. Defense Acquisitions: Assessments of Selected Weapons. Rep. no. GAO-12-400SP. Report to Congressional Committees. Washington, D.C.: 
Government Accountability Office, March 2012. Web. <http://www.gao.gov/products/GAO-12-400SP>. 
633 Reif, Kingston. +IBw-Lather, Rinse, Repeat.+IB0-Nukes of Hazard Blog RSS. 14 Jan. 2013. Web. 8 Oct. 2014. <http://www.nukesofhazardblog.com/
story/2013/1/14/235731/021>. 
634 Cirincione, Joe. +IBw-Alaskan Folly.+IB0- Foreign Policy. The FP Group, 18 Mar. 2013. Web. 8 Oct. 2014. <http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2013/03/18/alaskan_folly>. 
635 Gilmore, J. Michael. Oral Statement Before the House Armed Services Committee, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces. 6 March 2012. Web. <http://www.gpo.gov/
fdsys/pkg/CHRG-112hhrg73437/html/CHRG-112hhrg73437.htm>. 
636 Government Accountability Office, Defense Acquisitions: Assessments of Selected Weapons. Rep. no. GAO-12-400SP. Report to Congressional Committees. 
Washington, D.C.: Government Accountability Office, March 2012. Web. <http://www.gao.gov/products/GAO-12-400SP>. 
637 Government Accountability Office, Missile Defense: Mixed Progress in Achieving Acquisition Goals and Improving Accountability. Rep. no. GAO-14-351. Report to 
Congressional Committee. Washington, D.C.: Government Accountability Office. April 2014. Web. < http://www.gao.gov/products/GAO-14-351>. 
638 Missile Defense Agency. News & Resources. Target Missile Intercepted Over the Pacific Ocean During Missile Defense Exercise. Mda.mil. U.S. Department of 
Defense, 22 June 2014. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. <http://www.mda.mil/news/14news0005.html>. 
639 Chaplain, Cristina. Missile Defense: DOD+IBk-s Report Provides Limited Insight on Testing Options for the Ground-based Midcourse Defense System. Letter to 
Congressional Committees. 30 April 2014. Web. <http://www.gao.gov/assets/670/662856.pdf>. 
640 Department of Defense Office of Inspector General. Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle Quality Assurance and Reliability Assessment +IBM- Part A. Report to Director, Missile 
Defense Agency. Washington, D.C.: DOD-OIG, 8 September 2014. Web. <http://www.dodig.mil/pubs/documents/DODIG-2014-111.pdf>. 
641 National Resource Council. Making sense of ballistic missile defense: an assessment of concepts and systems for U.S. boost-phase missile defense in comparison 
to other alternatives. Washington, D.C.: National Academies Press, 2012. 
642 Chaplain, Cristina. Missile Defense: DOD+IBk-s Report Provides Limited Insight on Testing Options for the Ground-based Midcourse Defense System. Letter to 

92

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-Congressional Committees. 30 April 2014. Web. 8 Oct. 2014. <http://www.gao.gov/assets/670/662856.pdf>. 
643 National Resource Council. Making sense of ballistic missile defense: an assessment of concepts and systems for U.S. boost-phase missile defense in comparison 
to other alternatives. Washington, D.C.: National Academies Press, 2012. 
644 Chaplain, Cristina. Missile Defense: DOD+IBk-s Report Provides Limited Insight on Testing Options for the Ground-based Midcourse Defense System. Letter to 
Congressional Committees. 30 April 2014. Web. 8 Oct. 2014. <http://www.gao.gov/assets/670/662856.pdf>. 
645 National Resource Council. Making sense of ballistic missile defense: an assessment of concepts and systems for U.S. boost-phase missile defense in comparison 
to other alternatives. Washington, D.C.: National Academies Press, 2012. 
646 Lohr, Lynda. +IBw-Stimulus Money to Buy Two New Ferry Boats.+IB0- Stthomassource.com. V.I. Source Publications, Inc. 16 July 2009. Web. http://stthomassource.com/
content/news/local-news/2009/07/16/stimulus-money-buy-two-new-ferry-boats>. 
647 Lewin, Aldeth. +IBw-V.I.+IBk-S 2 New Ferries Finally in Service.+IB0- virginislandsdailynews.com. Virgin Islands Daily News. 8 July 2014. Web. <http://virginislandsdailynews.com/
news/v-i-s-2-new-ferries-finally-in-service-1.1715552>. 
648 Blackburn, Joy, +IBw-Federal Grant To Help V.I. Acquire Two New Passenger Ferries.+IB0- virginislandsdailynews.com. Virgin Islands Daily News. 18 August 2010. Web. 
<http://virginislandsdailynews.com/news/federal-grant-to-help-v-i-acquire-two-new-passenger-ferries-1.956418>. 
649 Lewin, Aldeth. +IBw-V.I.+IBk-S 2 New Ferries Finally in Service.+IB0- virginislandsdailynews.com. Virgin Islands Daily News. 8 July 2014. Web. <http://virginislandsdailynews.com/
news/v-i-s-2-new-ferries-finally-in-service-1.1715552>. 
650 Broom, Jack and Lindsay Toler. +IBw-Feds Snub State+IBk-s Ferry Fleet.+IB0- Seattletimes.com. The Seattle Times Company. 15 July 2009. http://seattletimes.com/html/
politics/2009471834_ferrystimulus15m.htm>l. 
651 Lewin, Aldeth. +IBw-V.I.+IBk-S 2 New Ferries Finally in Service.+IB0- virginislandsdailynews.com. Virgin Islands Daily News. 8 July 2014. Web. <http://virginislandsdailynews.com/
news/v-i-s-2-new-ferries-finally-in-service-1.1715552>. 
652 Lewin, Aldeth, +IBw-New Ferries Are One Inspection Away from Starting Service.+IB0- virginislandsdailynews.com. Virgin Islands Daily News. 8 March 2014. Web. <http://
virginislandsdailynews.com/news/new-ferries-are-one-inspection-away-from-starting-service-1.1647074>. 
653 Lewin, Aldeth, +IBw-New Ferries Are One Inspection Away from Starting Service.+IB0- virginislandsdailynews.com. Virgin Islands Daily News. 8 March 2014. Web. <http://
virginislandsdailynews.com/news/new-ferries-are-one-inspection-away-from-starting-service-1.1647074>. 
654 Lewin, Aldeth. +IBw-V.I.+IBk-S 2 New Ferries Finally in Service.+IB0- virginislandsdailynews.com. Virgin Islands Daily News. 8 July 2014. Web. <http://virginislandsdailynews.com/
news/v-i-s-2-new-ferries-finally-in-service-1.1715552>. 
655 Lewin, Aldeth, +IBw-New Ferries Out of Service for the Last Month,+IB0- .+IB0- virginislandsdailynews.com. Virgin Islands Daily News. 4 September 2014. <http://
virginislandsdailynews.com/news/new-ferries-out-of-service-for-the-last-month-1.1746775>. 
656 Lewin, Aldeth, +IBw-New Ferries Out of Service for the Last Month,+IB0- .+IB0- virginislandsdailynews.com. Virgin Islands Daily News. 4 September 2014. <http://
virginislandsdailynews.com/news/new-ferries-out-of-service-for-the-last-month-1.1746775>. 
657 Lewin, Aldeth, +IBw-New Ferries Out of Service for the Last Month,+IB0- .+IB0- virginislandsdailynews.com. Virgin Islands Daily News. 4 September 2014. <http://
virginislandsdailynews.com/news/new-ferries-out-of-service-for-the-last-month-1.1746775>. 
658 Bell, Kay. +IBw-Pocketing Tax-Free Rental Income,+IB0- Bankrate.com. Bankrate, Inc. 11 June 2013. Web. <http://www.bankrate.com/financing/taxes/pocketing-tax-free-
rental-income/>. 
659 Joint Committee on Taxation. Options to Improve Tax Compliance and Reform Tax Expenditures.+IB0- Staff Report. Report No. JCS-02-05, Washington, D.C.: JCT 
Committee Staff. 27 January 2005. Web. <http://www.jct.gov/s-2-05.pdf>. 
660 Craig, Giammona. +IBw-Super Bowl Homes Command $1,600 a Night as Listings Jump.+IB0- Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg L.P. 24 January 2014. Web. <http://www.
bloomberg.com/news/2014-01-24/super-bowl-homes-command-1-600-a-night-as-listings-jump.html>. 
661 Air BNB home rental advertisement, https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/2241014?checkin=02%2F01%2F2014&checkout=02%2F02%2F2014&s=m56g. 
662 Craig, Giammona. +IBw-Super Bowl Homes Command $1,600 a Night as Listings Jump.+IB0- Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg L.P. 24 January 2014. Web. <http://www.
bloomberg.com/news/2014-01-24/super-bowl-homes-command-1-600-a-night-as-listings-jump.html>. 
663 Maresca, Rachel. +IBw-Kevin Jonas, Pregnant Wife List New Jersey Home to Rent for Week of Super Bowl at $20,000 a Night.+IB0- Nydailynews.com. New York Daily News. 
29 January 2014. Web. <http://www.nydailynews.com/life-style/real-estate/kevin-jonas-lists-home-rent-super-bowl-week-20-000-night-article-1.1595310>. 
664 Maresca, Rachel. +IBw-Kevin Jonas, Pregnant Wife List New Jersey Home to Rent for Week of Super Bowl at $20,000 a Night.+IB0- Nydailynews.com. New York Daily News. 
29 January 2014. Web. <http://www.nydailynews.com/life-style/real-estate/kevin-jonas-lists-home-rent-super-bowl-week-20-000-night-article-1.1595310>. 
665 Warner, Brian. +IBw-Kevin Jonas Net Worth.+IB0- Celebritynetworth.com. Celebrity Networth. Web. <http://www.celebritynetworth.com/richest-celebrities/singers/kevin-
jonas-net-worth/>. 
666 Notte, Jason. +IBw-Super Bowl Home Rental Is a Tempting Gamble,+IB0- TheStreet.com. The Street, Inc. 8 January 2014. <http://www.thestreet.com/story/12203549/1/
super-bowl-home-rental-is-a-tempting-gamble.html>. 
667 Notte, Jason. +IBw-Super Bowl Home Rental Is a Tempting Gamble,+IB0- TheStreet.com. The Street, Inc. 8 January 2014. <http://www.thestreet.com/story/12203549/1/
super-bowl-home-rental-is-a-tempting-gamble.html>. 
668 Over the Cap. +IBw-Cooper Taylor.+IB0- Overthecap.com. Over the Cap. Web. http://overthecap.com/cap.php?Name=Cooper%20Taylor&Position=S&Team=Giants>. 
669 +IBw-Super Bowl Vacation Dream Home.+IB0- HomeAway.com. HomeAway.com, Inc.Web. Accessed 30 January 2014. Web. <http://www.homeaway.com/vacation-rental/
p508134vb#calendar>. 
670 Bell, Kay. +IBw-Pocketing Tax-Free Rental Income,+IB0- Bankrate.com. Bankrate, Inc. 11 June 2013. Web. <http://www.bankrate.com/financing/taxes/pocketing-tax-free-
rental-income/>. 
671 Information provided by Department of State. 
672 U.S. Department of State. (ThinkAgain_DOS) Web. https://twitter.com/ThinkAgain_DOS>. 
673 Information provided by Department of State. 
674 Information provided by Department of State. 
675 Information provided by Department of State. 
676 Cushing, Tim. +IBw-State Dept. Now Trolling Twitter Terrorists.+IB0- TechDirt . Floor64. 26 March 2014. Web. <https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20140322/10393226658/
state-dept-now-trolling-twitter-terrorists.shtml>. 
677 Katz, Rita. +IBw-The State Department+IBk-s Twitter War with ISIS Is Embarrassing.+IB0- Time.com. Time Inc.16 Sept. 2014. Web. <http://time.com/3387065/isis-twitter-war-
state-department/>. 
678 Katz, Rita. +IBw-The State Department+IBk-s Twitter War with ISIS Is Embarrassing.+IB0- Time.com. Time Inc.16 Sept. 2014. Web. <http://time.com/3387065/isis-twitter-war-

93

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-state-department/>. 
679 Katz, Rita. +IBw-The State Department+IBk-s Twitter War with ISIS Is Embarrassing.+IB0- Time.com. Time Inc.16 Sept. 2014. Web. <http://time.com/3387065/isis-twitter-war-
state-department/>. 
680 Schake, Kori. +IBw-@ISIS Is #Winning: Why is a Barbaric Medieval Caliphate So Much Better At Social Media Than Washington?+IB0- ForeignPolicy.com. Foreign Policy 
Group. 9 July 2014. Web. <http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2014/07/09/isis_is_winning_social_media_hashtag_diplomacy?utm_source=Sailthru&utm_
medium=email&utm_term=*Situation%20Report&utm_campaign=SITREP%20JULY%2010%202014>. 
681 Hicks, Josh, +IBw-U.S. Border Agency +IBg-Vastly Overpaid+IBk- To Build Homes for Agents, Audit Says.+IB0- Washingtonpost.com. The Washington Post. 12 September 2014. Web. 
<http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/federal-eye/wp/2014/09/12/u-s-border-agency-vastly-overpaid-to-build-homes-for-agents-audit-says/>. 
682 U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Office of Inspector General. CBP Did Not Effectively Plan and Manage Employee Housing in Ajo, Arizona. Report No. OIG-
14-131. Washington, D.C.: DHS OIG, 16 September 2014. Web. <http://www.oig.dhs.gov/assets/Mgmt/2014/OIG_SLP_14-131_Sep14.pdf>. 
683Hicks, Josh, +IBw-U.S. Border Agency +IBg-Vastly Overpaid+IBk- To Build Homes for Agents, Audit Says.+IB0- Washingtonpost.com. The Washington Post. 12 September 2014. Web. 
<http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/federal-eye/wp/2014/09/12/u-s-border-agency-vastly-overpaid-to-build-homes-for-agents-audit-says/>. 
684 U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Office of Inspector General. CBP Did Not Effectively Plan and Manage Employee Housing in Ajo, Arizona. Report No. OIG-
14-131. Washington, D.C.: DHS OIG, 16 September 2014. Web. <http://www.oig.dhs.gov/assets/Mgmt/2014/OIG_SLP_14-131_Sep14.pdf>. 
685 U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Office of Inspector General. CBP Did Not Effectively Plan and Manage Employee Housing in Ajo, Arizona. Report No. OIG-
14-131. Washington, D.C.: DHS OIG, 16 September 2014. Web. <http://www.oig.dhs.gov/assets/Mgmt/2014/OIG_SLP_14-131_Sep14.pdf>. 
686 U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Office of Inspector General. CBP Did Not Effectively Plan and Manage Employee Housing in Ajo, Arizona. Report No. OIG-
14-131. Washington, D.C.: DHS OIG, 16 September 2014. Web. <http://www.oig.dhs.gov/assets/Mgmt/2014/OIG_SLP_14-131_Sep14.pdf>. 
687 U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Office of Inspector General. CBP Did Not Effectively Plan and Manage Employee Housing in Ajo, Arizona. Report No. OIG-
14-131. Washington, D.C.: DHS OIG, 16 September 2014. Web. <http://www.oig.dhs.gov/assets/Mgmt/2014/OIG_SLP_14-131_Sep14.pdf>. 
688 Goth, Brenna. +IBw-Feds Pay Millions for Border-Agent Housing in Ajo,+IB0- azcentral.com. The Arizona Republic. 11 August 2013. Web. <http://www.azcentral.com/news/
arizona/articles/20130811ajo-border-agent-housing.html>. 
689 U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Office of Inspector General. CBP Did Not Effectively Plan and Manage Employee Housing in Ajo, Arizona. Report No. OIG-
14-131. Washington, D.C.: DHS OIG, 16 September 2014. Web. <http://www.oig.dhs.gov/assets/Mgmt/2014/OIG_SLP_14-131_Sep14.pdf>. 
690 U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Office of Inspector General. CBP Did Not Effectively Plan and Manage Employee Housing in Ajo, Arizona. Report No. OIG-
14-131. Washington, D.C.: DHS OIG, 16 September 2014. Web. <http://www.oig.dhs.gov/assets/Mgmt/2014/OIG_SLP_14-131_Sep14.pdf>. 
691 U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Office of Inspector General. CBP Did Not Effectively Plan and Manage Employee Housing in Ajo, Arizona. Report No. OIG-
14-131. Washington, D.C.: DHS OIG, 16 September 2014. Web. <http://www.oig.dhs.gov/assets/Mgmt/2014/OIG_SLP_14-131_Sep14.pdf>. 
692 U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Office of Inspector General. CBP Did Not Effectively Plan and Manage Employee Housing in Ajo, Arizona. Report No. OIG-
14-131. Washington, D.C.: DHS OIG, 16 September 2014. Web. <http://www.oig.dhs.gov/assets/Mgmt/2014/OIG_SLP_14-131_Sep14.pdf>. 
693 Garris, Blake. +IBw-Level Up With Marvel+IBk-s Avengers S.T.A.T.I.O.N. Tickets.+IB0-marvel.com. Marvel. 1 May 2014. Web. <http://marvel.com/news/live_
events/2014/5/1/22437/level_up_with_marvels_avengers_station_tickets>. 
694 Sacks, Ethan. +IBw-EXCLUSIVE: Avengers S.T.A.T.I.O.N exhibit fan-tastic Blend of Props, High-Tech.+IB0- nydailynews.com. New York Daily News. 25 May 2014. <http://
www.nydailynews.com/entertainment/movies/exclusive-avengers-s-t-t-o-n-exhibit-fan-tastic-article-1.1804244 >. 
695 Sacks, Ethan. +IBw-EXCLUSIVE: Avengers S.T.A.T.I.O.N exhibit fan-tastic Blend of Props, High-Tech.+IB0- nydailynews.com. New York Daily News. 25 May 2014. <http://
www.nydailynews.com/entertainment/movies/exclusive-avengers-s-t-t-o-n-exhibit-fan-tastic-article-1.1804244 >. 
696 Garris, Blake. +IBw-Level Up With Marvel+IBk-s Avengers S.T.A.T.I.O.N. Tickets.+IB0-marvel.com. Marvel. 1 May 2014. Web. <http://marvel.com/news/live_
events/2014/5/1/22437/level_up_with_marvels_avengers_station_tickets>. 
697 NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory. News. NASA Helps Marvel+IBk-s Avengers Exhibit Bring the Science Artist+IBk-s Design Concept for an Interactive Featuring NASA+IBk-s Eyes 
on Exoplanets John Grunsfeld, NASA+IBk-s Associate Administrator for the Science Mission Directorate. Jpl.nasa.gov. NASA, 3 June 2014. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. <http://www.jpl.
nasa.gov/news/news.php?release=2014-172>. 
698 NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory. News. NASA Helps Marvel+IBk-s Avengers Exhibit Bring the Science Artist+IBk-s Design Concept for an Interactive Featuring NASA+IBk-s Eyes 
on Exoplanets John Grunsfeld, NASA+IBk-s Associate Administrator for the Science Mission Directorate. Jpl.nasa.gov. NASA, 3 June 2014. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. <http://www.jpl.
nasa.gov/news/news.php?release=2014-172>. 
699 Howell, Elizabeth. +IBw-Avengers Assemble! NASA Brings Real Space to NYC Marvel Exhibit.+IB0- Space.com. Purch. 6 June 2014. Web. <http://www.space.com/26152-
avengers-shield-nasa-marvel.html>. 
700 Corliss, Richard. +IBw-2012 Turnaround: The Avengers Brings People Back to the Movies.+IB0- Time.com. Time Inc. 3 January 2013. Web. <http://entertainment.time.
com/2013/01/03/2012-turnaround-the-avengers-brings-people-back-to-the-movies/>. 
701 Howell, Elizabeth. +IBw-Avengers Assemble! NASA Brings Real Space to NYC Marvel Exhibit.+IB0- Space.com. Purch. 6 June 2014. Web. <http://www.space.com/26152-
avengers-shield-nasa-marvel.html>. 
702 King, Ledyard. +IBw-Budget Deal Would Preserve NASA+IBk-s Big Missions.+IB0- Usatoday.com. Gannett. 14 January 2014. Web. <http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/
nation/2014/01/14/spending-bill-would-preserve-major-nasa-missions/4480537/>. 
703 Quinn, Kevin. +IBw-Federal Budget Cuts Threaten NASA+IBk-s Space Travel Plans.+IB0- Abc13.com. ABC 13 KTRK-TV Houston. 16 May 2013. Web. <http://abc13.com/
archive/9105418/>. 
704 +IBw-MISSION STATEMENT,+IB0- comic-con.org. San Diego Comic Convention. Web. Accessed 18 October 2014. Web. <http://www.comic-con.org/>. 
705 NASA. Press Department. NASA Updates Apollo Anniversary, Next Giant Leap Events. Nasa.gov. NASA, 18 July 2014. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. <http://www.nasa.gov/
press/2014/july/nasa-updates-apollo-anniversary-next-giant-leap-events/#.VEMFrPldV8E>. 
706 NASA. Press Department. NASA Updates Apollo Anniversary, Next Giant Leap Events. Nasa.gov. NASA, 18 July 2014. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. <http://www.nasa.gov/
press/2014/july/nasa-updates-apollo-anniversary-next-giant-leap-events/#.VEMFrPldV8E>. 
707 Jennewein, Chris. +IBw-NASA Landing at Comic-Con with Panel on Mars Plans.+IB0- Timesofsandiego.com. Times of San Diego LLC. 14 July 2014. Web.<http://
timesofsandiego.com/tech/2014/07/14/nasa-landing-comic-con-panel-mars-plans/>. 
708 McKinnon, Mika. +IBw-NASA Advocates for Mars Mission to a Packed Room at Comic-Con,+IB0- io9.com. Kinja. 25 July 2014. Web. <http://space.io9.com/nasa-advocates-
for-mars-mission-to-a-overfilled-room-at-1611104964>. 
709 NASA e-mail to the Congressional Research Service regarding attendance at Comic Con International: San Diego, September 2014. 
710 NASA e-mail to the Congressional Research Service regarding attendance at Comic Con International: San Diego, September 2014. 
711 MIT. Office of Sponsored Programs, News & Events. NASA Conference Travel Restrictions Continue. Http://osp.mit.edu/about-osp/news/nasa-conference-

94

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-travel-restrictions-continue. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 5 Feb. 2014. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. <http://osp.mit.edu/about-osp/news/nasa-conference-travel-
restrictions-continue>. 
712 Hill, Kyle. +IBw-Seth Green And Buzz Aldrin Make NASA+IBk-S Presence Known At Comic-Con.+IB0- Nerdist.com. Nerdist, 25 July 2014. Web. http://www.nerdist.com/2014/07/
seth-green-and-buzz-aldrin-make-nasas-presence-known-at-comic-con/>. 
713 NASA website, accessed 2 October 2014; <http://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/marvel20140603b.jpg>. 
714 Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction. Management Safety Alert Letter (K-Span ANA Facilities). Report No.: SIGAR SP13-3. Arlington, VA: 
SIGAR. 4 April 2013. Web. <http://www.sigar.mil/pdf/alerts/SIGAR%20SP%20Alert%20Letter%2013-3%20April%204%202013.pdf>. P1. 
715 Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction. Management Safety Alert Letter (K-Span ANA Facilities). Report No.: SIGAR SP13-3. Arlington, VA: 
SIGAR. 4 April 2013. Web. <http://www.sigar.mil/pdf/alerts/SIGAR%20SP%20Alert%20Letter%2013-3%20April%204%202013.pdf>. P1. 
716 Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction. Management Safety Alert Letter (K-Span ANA Facilities). Report No.: SIGAR SP13-3. Arlington, VA: 
SIGAR. 4 April 2013. Web. <http://www.sigar.mil/pdf/alerts/SIGAR%20SP%20Alert%20Letter%2013-3%20April%204%202013.pdf>. P2. 
717 Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction. Management Safety Alert Letter (K-Span ANA Facilities). Report No.: SIGAR SP13-3. Arlington, VA: 
SIGAR. 4 April 2013. Web. <http://www.sigar.mil/pdf/alerts/SIGAR%20SP%20Alert%20Letter%2013-3%20April%204%202013.pdf>. P3. 
718 Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction. Management Safety Alert Letter (K-Span ANA Facilities). Report No.: SIGAR SP13-3. Arlington, VA: 
SIGAR. 4 April 2013. Web. <http://www.sigar.mil/pdf/alerts/SIGAR%20SP%20Alert%20Letter%2013-3%20April%204%202013.pdf>. 
719 Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction. Review: Safety of Spray Foam Insulation in ANA Facilities. Report No.: SIGAR-14-77 SP. Arlington, VA: 
SIGAR. 9 July 2014. <http://www.sigar.mil/pdf/Special%20Projects/SIGAR-14-77-SP.pdf>. 
720 Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, Review: Safety of Spray Foam Insulation in ANA Facilities, SIGAR-14-77 SP. Arlington, VA: SIGAR. 9 July 
2014. Web. <http://www.sigar.mil/pdf/Special%20Projects/SIGAR-14-77-SP.pdf>. p6. 
721 Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, Review: Safety of Spray Foam Insulation in ANA Facilities, SIGAR-14-77 SP. Arlington, VA: SIGAR. 9 July 
2014. Web. <http://www.sigar.mil/pdf/Special%20Projects/SIGAR-14-77-SP.pdf>. p4. 
722 Kredo, Adam. +IBw-SIGAR: Afghan Children Risk Electrocution Due to Faulty Construction.+IB0- Freebecon.com. The Washington Free Beacon. 17 July 2013. Web. <http://
freebeacon.com/issues/sigar-faulty-school-construction-in-afghanistan-putting-children-at-risk/>. 
723 Kredo, Adam. +IBw-SIGAR: Afghan Children Risk Electrocution Due to Faulty Construction.+IB0- Freebecon.com. The Washington Free Beacon. 17 July 2013. Web. <http://
freebeacon.com/issues/sigar-faulty-school-construction-in-afghanistan-putting-children-at-risk/>. 
724 Federal Aviation Administration. Final Environmental Assessment Runway Safety Area Improvements: Sioux Falls Regional Airport. Sioux Falls Airport Authority. 
Web. 22 July 2013. <http://www.sfairport.com/media/documents/sioux_falls_finalea_june_2013fonsirod.pdf >. 
725 Federal Aviation Administration. Final Environmental Assessment Runway Safety Area Improvements: Sioux Falls Regional Airport. Sioux Falls Airport Authority. 
Web. 22 July 2013. <http://www.sfairport.com/media/documents/sioux_falls_finalea_june_2013fonsirod.pdf >. 
726 Federal Aviation Administration. Final Environmental Assessment Runway Safety Area Improvements: Sioux Falls Regional Airport. Sioux Falls Airport Authority. 
Web. 22 July 2013. <http://www.sfairport.com/media/documents/sioux_falls_finalea_june_2013fonsirod.pdf >. 
727 Federal Aviation Administration. Final Environmental Assessment Runway Safety Area Improvements: Sioux Falls Regional Airport. Sioux Falls Airport Authority. 
Web. 22 July 2013. <http://www.sfairport.com/media/documents/sioux_falls_finalea_june_2013fonsirod.pdf >. 
728 Federal Aviation Administration. Final Environmental Assessment Runway Safety Area Improvements: Sioux Falls Regional Airport. Sioux Falls Airport Authority. 
Web. 22 July 2013. <http://www.sfairport.com/media/documents/sioux_falls_finalea_june_2013fonsirod.pdf >. 
729 Federal Aviation Administration. Final Environmental Assessment Runway Safety Area Improvements: Sioux Falls Regional Airport. Sioux Falls Airport Authority. 
Web. 22 July 2013. <http://www.sfairport.com/media/documents/sioux_falls_finalea_june_2013fonsirod.pdf >. . 
730 Federal Aviation Administration. Final Environmental Assessment Runway Safety Area Improvements: Sioux Falls Regional Airport. Sioux Falls Airport Authority. 
Web. 22 July 2013. <http://www.sfairport.com/media/documents/sioux_falls_finalea_june_2013fonsirod.pdf >. 
731 Federal Aviation Administration. Final Environmental Assessment Runway Safety Area Improvements: Sioux Falls Regional Airport. Sioux Falls Airport Authority. Web. 
22 July 2013. <http://www.sfairport.com/media/documents/sioux_falls_finalea_june_2013fonsirod.pdf >. 
732 Federal Aviation Administration. Final Environmental Assessment Runway Safety Area Improvements: Sioux Falls Regional Airport. Sioux Falls Airport Authority. 
Web. 22 July 2013. <http://www.sfairport.com/media/documents/sioux_falls_finalea_june_2013fonsirod.pdf >. 
733 Keloland TV. +IBw-Updates Underway at Elmwood Golf Course.+IB0- Keloland.com. Keloland TV. 9 September 2013. Web. <http://www.keloland.com/newsdetail.cfm/
updates-underway-at-elmwood-golf-course/?id=152987>. 
734 +IBw-Dakota Golf +IBM- Elmwood, Prairie Green and Kuehn Park Golf Course.+IB0- FACEBOOK. Web. <https://www.facebook.com/dakotagolf/photos_stream?ref=page_
internal>. 
735 Jorgensen, Dan. +IBw-Elmwood East 9: Not Up To Par.+IB0- Keloland.com. Keloland TV. 28 August 2013. Web. <http://www.keloland.com/newsdetail.cfm/elmwood-east-9-
not-up-to-par/?id=152538>. 
736 Kelley, Matt. +IBw-How Alaska Ferry Project Floated; Sen Stevens Pushed Pricey Military Test.+IB0- Usatoday.com. Gannett. 28 September 2007. Web. <http://usatoday30.
usatoday.com/printedition/news/20070928/a_ferry28.art.htm>. A 10. 
737 Hollander, Zaz. +IBw-Mat-Su Borough Determined to do Something with Ferry.+IB0- And.com. Alaska Dispatch Publishing. 12 August 2013. Web. <http://www.adn.com/
article/20130812/mat-su-borough-determined-do-something-ferry>. 
738 Caldwell, Suzanne. +IBw-Mat-Su Borough Offers Star Crossed M/V Susitna Ferry for Free.+IB0- adn.com. Alaska Dispatch Publishing. 30 January 2014. Web. http://www.
adn.com/article/mat-su-borough-offers-star-crossed-mv-susitna-ferry-free>. 
739 Hollander, Zaz. +IBw-Mat-Su Borough Determined to do Something with Ferry.+IB0- And.com. Alaska Dispatch Publishing. 12 August 2013. Web. <http://www.adn.com/
article/20130812/mat-su-borough-determined-do-something-ferry>. 
740 Hollander, Zaz. +IBw-Mat-Su Borough Determined to do Something with Ferry.+IB0- And.com. Alaska Dispatch Publishing. 12 August 2013. Web. <http://www.adn.com/
article/20130812/mat-su-borough-determined-do-something-ferry>. 
741 Brehmer, Elwood. +IBw-Feds Ask Mat-Su for Ferry Grants Back.+IB0- Alaskajournal.com. Alaska Journal of Commerce. 7 August 2014. Web. <http://www.alaskajournal.com/
Alaska-Journal-of-Commerce/Breaking-News-2013/Feds-ask-Mat-Su-for-ferry-grants-back/>. 
742 Brehmer, Elwood. +IBw-Feds Ask Mat-Su for Ferry Grants Back.+IB0- Alaskajournal.com. Alaska Journal of Commerce. 7 August 2014. Web. <http://www.alaskajournal.
com/Alaska-Journal-of-Commerce/Breaking-News-2013/Feds-ask-Mat-Su-for-ferry-grants-back/>. 
743 Caldwell, Suzanne. +IBw-Mat-Su Borough Offers Star Crossed M/V Susitna Ferry for Free.+IB0- adn.com. Alaska Dispatch Publishing. 30 January 2014. Web. http://www.
adn.com/article/mat-su-borough-offers-star-crossed-mv-susitna-ferry-free>. 
744 Zaz Hollander, +IBw-Prospective Buyers Tour Mat-Su Ferry as Federal Grant Deadline Moves Back,+IB0- Alaska Dispatch News, September 2, 2014, http://www.adn.com/

95

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-article/20140903/prospective-buyers-tour-mat-su-ferry-federal-grant-deadline-moves-back 
745 Matt Kelley, +IBw-How Alaska Ferry Project Floated; Sen Stevens Pushed Pricey Military Test,+IB0- USA Today, September 28, 2007, A 10. 
746 Hollander, Zaz. +IBw-Mat-Su Borough Determined to do Something with Ferry.+IB0- And.com. Alaska Dispatch Publishing. 12 August 2013. Web. <http://www.adn.com/
article/20130812/mat-su-borough-determined-do-something-ferry>. 
747 Kelley, Matt. +IBw-How Alaska Ferry Project Floated; Sen Stevens Pushed Pricey Military Test.+IB0- Usatoday.com. Gannett. 28 September 2007. Web. <http://usatoday30.
usatoday.com/printedition/news/20070928/a_ferry28.art.htm>. A 10. 
748 Caldwell, Suzanne. +IBw-Mat-Su Borough Offers Star Crossed M/V Susitna Ferry for Free.+IB0- adn.com. Alaska Dispatch Publishing. 30 January 2014. Web. http://www.
adn.com/article/mat-su-borough-offers-star-crossed-mv-susitna-ferry-free>. 
749 Tobin, Dave. +IBw-Where Did the $3 Million of Federal Money Invested in Syracuse Suburban Airport, in Oswego County, Go?+IB0- Syracuse.com. Syracuse Media Group. 
29 March 2011. Web. <http://www.syracuse.com/news/index.ssf/2011/03/where_did_the_3_million_of_fed.html>. 
750 Federal Bureau of Investigation, Albany Division. Newsroom. Jamesville Man Enters Guilty Plea to Conspiracy to Commit Bank Fraud. Fbi.gov. U.S. Attorney+IBk-s Office, 
Northern District of New York, 24 July 2014. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. <http://www.fbi.gov/albany/press-releases/2014/jamesville-man-enters-guilty-plea-to-conspiracy-to-
commit-bank-fraud>. 
751 Letter from Senator Tom Coburn to the Federal Aviation Administration Commissioner, J. Randolph Babbit, April 5, 2011. 
752 Letter from Senator Tom Coburn to the Federal Aviation Administration Commissioner, J. Randolph Babbit, April 5, 2011. 
753 Kenyon, Jim. +IBw-For Sale: Failed Airport in Oswego Count.,+IB0- CNYCentral.com. Sinclair Communications, LLC. 12 September 2014. Web. <http://www.cnycentral.com/
news/story.aspx?id=1095978#.VBijdqPD-id>. 
754 Federal Bureau of Investigation, Albany Division. Newsroom. Jamesville Man Enters Guilty Plea to Conspiracy to Commit Bank Fraud. Fbi.gov. U.S. Attorney+IBk-s Office, 
Northern District of New York, 24 July 2014. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. <http://www.fbi.gov/albany/press-releases/2014/jamesville-man-enters-guilty-plea-to-conspiracy-to-
commit-bank-fraud>. 
755 Tobin, Dave. +IBw-Where Did the $3 Million of Federal Money Invested in Syracuse Suburban Airport, in Oswego County, Go?+IB0- Syracuse.com. Syracuse Media Group. 
29 March 2011. Web. <http://www.syracuse.com/news/index.ssf/2011/03/where_did_the_3_million_of_fed.html>. 
756 Kenyon, Jim. +IBw-For Sale: Failed Airport in Oswego Count.,+IB0- CNYCentral.com. Sinclair Communications, LLC. 12 September 2014. Web. <http://www.cnycentral.com/
news/story.aspx?id=1095978#.VBijdqPD-id>. 
757 Dr. Nafeez Ahmed, +IBw-Nasa-funded study: industrial civilisation headed for +IBg-irreversible collapse+IBk-?+IB0- The Guardian, March 14, 2014; http://www.theguardian.com/
environment/earth-insight/2014/mar/14/nasa-civilisation-irreversible-collapse-study-scientists. 
758 Dr. Nafeez Ahmed, +IBw-Nasa-funded study: industrial civilisation headed for +IBg-irreversible collapse+IBk-?+IB0- The Guardian, March 14, 2014; http://www.theguardian.com/
environment/earth-insight/2014/mar/14/nasa-civilisation-irreversible-collapse-study-scientists. 
759 Ahmed, Nafeez. +IBw-Nasa-funded Study: Industrial Civilisation Headed for +IBg-Irreversible Collapse+IBk-?+IB0- theguardian.com. Guardian News and Media Limited. 14 March 
2014. Web. <http://www.theguardian.com/environment/earth-insight/2014/mar/14/nasa-civilisation-irreversible-collapse-study-scientists>. 
760 NASA Procurement Data View +IBM- Contract Number Query, NASA. <https://prod.nais.nasa.gov/cgibin/npdv/contract.cgi>. 
761 Summary of NASA activity relative to agreement NNX12AD03A and the study +IBw-Human and Nature Dynamics (HANDY) Modeling Inequality and Use of Resources 
in the Collapse or Sustainability of Societies,+IB0- NASA, March 26, 2014. 
762 NASA Procurement Data View +IBM- Contract Number Query, NASA. <https://prod.nais.nasa.gov/cgibin/npdv/contract.cgi>. 
763 Summary of NASA activity relative to agreement NNX12AD03A and the study +IBw-Human and Nature Dynamics (HANDY) Modeling Inequality and Use of Resources 
in the Collapse or Sustainability of Societies,+IB0- NASA, March 26, 2014. 
764 Summary of NASA activity relative to agreement NNX12AD03A and the study +IBw-Human and Nature Dynamics (HANDY) Modeling Inequality and Use of Resources 
in the Collapse or Sustainability of Societies,+IB0- NASA, March 26, 2014. 
765 Wall, Mike. +IBw-NASA Clarifies Its Role in Civilization-Collapse Study.+IB0- Space.com. Purch. 20 March 2014. Web. <http://www.space.com/25160-nasa-statement-
civilization-collapse-study.html>. 
766 Wall, Mike. +IBw-NASA Clarifies Its Role in Civilization-Collapse Study.+IB0- Space.com. Purch. 20 March 2014. Web. <http://www.space.com/25160-nasa-statement-
civilization-collapse-study.html>. 
767 Ahmed, Nafeez. +IBw-Nasa-funded Study: Industrial Civilisation Headed for +IBg-Irreversible Collapse+IBk-?+IB0- theguardian.com. Guardian News and Media Limited. 14 March 
2014. Web. <http://www.theguardian.com/environment/earth-insight/2014/mar/14/nasa-civilisation-irreversible-collapse-study-scientists>. 
768 Florida Museum of Natural History. Pressroom. UF Receives $1.97 Million NSF Grant to Develop Paleontology Network.Http://www.flmnh.ufl.edu/. University of 
Florida, 10 Feb. 2014. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. <http://www.flmnh.ufl.edu/pressroom/2014/02/10/uf-receives-1-97-million-nsf-grant-to-develop-paleontology-network/>. 
769 Florida Museum of Natural History. Pressroom. UF Receives $1.97 Million NSF Grant to Develop Paleontology Network.Http://www.flmnh.ufl.edu/. University of 
Florida, 10 Feb. 2014. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. <http://www.flmnh.ufl.edu/pressroom/2014/02/10/uf-receives-1-97-million-nsf-grant-to-develop-paleontology-network/>. 
770 Florida Museum of Natural History. Pressroom. UF Receives $1.97 Million NSF Grant to Develop Paleontology Network.Http://www.flmnh.ufl.edu/. University of 
Florida, 10 Feb. 2014. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. <http://www.flmnh.ufl.edu/pressroom/2014/02/10/uf-receives-1-97-million-nsf-grant-to-develop-paleontology-network/>. 
771 +IBw-The FOSSIL Project.+IB0- FACEBOOK. <https://www.facebook.com/TheFossilProject >. 
772 +IBw-The FOSSIL Project+IB0-. FACEBOOK. <https://www.facebook.com/TheFossilProject >. 
773 +IBw-Fossils+IB0- FACEBOOK. <https://www.facebook.com/groups/fossilfootprints>. 
774 +IBw-The Fossil Forum+IB0- FACEBOOK. <https://www.facebook.com/groups/135008766530423>. 
775 National Science Foundation, Award Abstract #0949416. Web. <http://nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=0949416>. 
776 Taylor, Luke. +IBw-Game Show.+IB0- Mpnews.org. Minnesota Public Radio. 1 July 2011. Web. http://www.mprnews.org/story/2011/07/01/game-show>. 
777 McClellan, Jason. +IBw-Video Game Music Composers Are The Heroes In A New Web Series.+IB0- Techtimes.com. TECHTIMES.com. 9 September 2014. Web. <http://www.
techtimes.com/articles/15166/20140909/video-game-music-composers-are-the-heroes-in-a-new-web-series.htm>. 
778 +IBw-Tibbetts, Than. +IBw-+IBw-Yeah, so It+IBk-s Actually Really Fun to Listen to Music without Guns after a While.+IB0-.+IB0- Review. Web log post. Thandland.com. Than Tibbetts, 7 July 2011. 
Web. 18 Oct. 2014. <http://thanland.com/links/top-score-the-podcast-about-video-game-soundtracks.html>. 
779 Reese, Emily. +IBw-Top Score Podcast.+IB0- Top Score Podcast. Tumblr, n.d. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. <http://topscorepodcast.tumblr.com/>. 
780 +IBw-Reese, Emily. +IBw-Top Score Podcast.+IB0- Top Score Podcast. Tumblr, n.d. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. <http://topscorepodcast.tumblr.com/>. 
781 USASpending.gov, Prime Award Spending Data for Federal Award Identifier 14-3400-7088; Web. <http://www.usaspending.gov/
explore?frompage=assistance&tab=By%20Prime%20Awardee&comingfrom=searchresults&federal_award_id=14-3400-7088&fiscal_
year=all&typeofview=complete>. 

96

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-782 Data from iTunes Store Page for +IBw-Top Score with Emily Reese.+IB0- 
783 Bridgman, Anne, +IBw-Budget Cuts Affect Music, Arts.+IB0- Eugeneweek.com. Eugene Weekly. 11 April 2013. Web. <http://www.eugeneweekly.com/20130411/
shortchanging-our-schools/budget-cuts-affect-music-arts>. 
784 Moravian College. News and Events. Moravian College Receives NEH Grant to Educate Teachers About Bach. Moravian.edu. N.p., 15 Aug. 2013. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. 
<http://www.moravian.edu/default.aspx?pageid=6283#.VEMjRvldV8E>. 
785 Binford, Hilde. +IBw-Johann Sebastian Bach: Music of the Baroque and Enlightenment: Program Description.+IB0- Web. <http://home.moravian.edu/public/music/bach/
letter.htm>. 
786 Binford, Hilde. +IBw-Johann Sebastian Bach: Music of the Baroque and Enlightenment: Program Description.+IB0- Web. <http://home.moravian.edu/public/music/bach/
letter.htm>. 
787 Moravian College. News and Events. Moravian College Receives NEH Grant to Educate Teachers About Bach. Moravian.edu. N.p., 15 Aug. 2013. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. 
<http://www.moravian.edu/default.aspx?pageid=6283#.VEMjRvldV8E>. 
788 Moravian College. News and Events. Moravian College Receives NEH Grant to Educate Teachers About Bach. Moravian.edu. N.p., 15 Aug. 2013. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. 
<http://www.moravian.edu/default.aspx?pageid=6283#.VEMjRvldV8E>. . 
789 Moravian College. News and Events. Moravian College Receives NEH Grant to Educate Teachers About Bach. Moravian.edu. N.p., 15 Aug. 2013. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. 
<http://www.moravian.edu/default.aspx?pageid=6283#.VEMjRvldV8E>. 
790 Rimkunas, John. +IBw-Wild and Crazy Guys...+IB0- Weblog post. The Bach Story. Blogger, 15 July 2014. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. <http://johnrimkunas.blogspot.com/2014/07/
wild-and-crazy-guys.html>.. 
791 Rimkunas, John. +IBw-Ein Feste Burge...+IB0- Weblog post. The Bach Story. Blogger, 8 July 2014. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. < http://johnrimkunas.blogspot.com/2014/07/ein-feste-
burg.html>. 
792 Rimkunas, John. +IBw-Sports News...+IB0- Weblog post. The Bach Story. Blogger. 14 July 2014. Web. http://johnrimkunas.blogspot.com/2014/07/sports-news.html.> 
793 Satullo, Sara K.. +IBw-Moravian College Awarded Grant to Send Teachers to Germany to Study Bach.+IB0- Lehighvalleylive.com. PennLive LLC. 1 September 2013. Web. 
<http://www.lehighvalleylive.com/bethlehem/index.ssf/2013/09/post_351.html>. 
794USASpending.gov. +IBw-Prime Award Spending Data: Gateway to Blues.+IB0- Web. <http://www.usaspending.gov/search?form_fields=%7B%22contract_
description%22%3A%22Gateway+-to+-Blues%22%7D>; Gateway to the Blues Visitors Center, Tunica Convention & Visitors Bureau,. Web. <http://www.tunicatravel.
com/things-to-do/cultural-attractions/gateway>. 
795 Franklin, Webster. +IBw-Gateway To The Blues Visitor Center Now Open.+IB0- Tunicatravel.com. Tunica Convention & Visitors Bureau. 16 December 2011. Web. <http://
www.tunicatravel.com/things-to-do/cultural-attractions/gateway>. 
796 See Webster Franklin, Gateway To The Blues Visitor Center Now Open, Tunica Convention & Visitors Bureau, http://www.tunicatravel.com/blog/2011/december/
gateway-to-the-blues-visitor-center-now-open. 
797 See Gateway to the Blues Visitors Center, Tunica Convention & Visitors Bureau, http://www.tunicatravel.com/things-to-do/cultural-attractions/gateway. 
798 2013 Report Card for America+IBk-s Infrastructure, American Society of Civil Engineers, <http://www.infrastructurereportcard.org>. 
799 American Road & Transportation Builders Association. +IBw-U.S. Deficient Bridges.+IB0- artba.org. ARTBA. Web. <http://www.artba.org/economics/us-deficient-
bridges/>. 
800 Rockey, Sally and Francis Collins. +IBw-One Nation in Support of Biomedical Research?+IB0- nexus.od.nih.gov. National Institutes of Health Office of Extramural Research 
24 September 2013. Web. <http://nexus.od.nih.gov/all/2013/09/24/one-nation-in-support-of-biomedical-research/>. 
801 Rockey, Sally and Francis Collins. +IBw-One Nation in Support of Biomedical Research?+IB0- nexus.od.nih.gov. National Institutes of Health Office of Extramural Research 24 
September 2013. Web. <http://nexus.od.nih.gov/all/2013/09/24/one-nation-in-support-of-biomedical-research/>. 
802 USASpending. +IBw-Prime Award Spending Data.+IB0- Federal Award ID: K23AT006328. USAspending.gov. Web. <http://www.usaspending.gov/search?form_ 
fields=%7B%22search_term%22%3A%22K23+-AT006328%22%7D>. 
803 Lindahl, Jared R., Christopher T. Kaplan, Evan M. Winget, and Willoughby B. Britton. +IBw-A Phenomenology of Meditation-induced Light Experiences: Traditional 
Buddhist and Neurobiological Perspectives.+IB0- Frontiers in Psychology 4.000973 (2014): 1-16. Proquest. Web. <http://journal.frontiersin.org/Journal/10.3389/
fpsyg.2013.00973/full>. 
804 Britton, Willoughby B., Jared R. Lindahl, B. Rael Cahn, Jake H. Davis, and Roberta E. Goldman. +IBw-Awakening Is Not a Metaphor: The Effects of Buddhist Meditation 
Practices on Basic Wakefulness.+IB0- Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences 1307 (2014): 64-81. Wiley. Web. <+IBw-Awakening is not a metaphor: the effects of Buddhist 
meditation practices on basic wakefulness>. 
805 Lindahl, Jared R., Christopher T. Kaplan, Evan M. Winget, and Willoughby B. Britton. +IBw-A Phenomenology of Meditation-induced Light Experiences: Traditional 
Buddhist and Neurobiological Perspectives.+IB0- Frontiers in Psychology 4.000973 (2014): 1-16. Proquest. Web. <http://journal.frontiersin.org/Journal/10.3389/
fpsyg.2013.00973/full>. P75 
806 Britton, Willoughby B., Jared R. Lindahl, B. Rael Cahn, Jake H. Davis, and Roberta E. Goldman. +IBw-Awakening Is Not a Metaphor: The Effects of Buddhist Meditation 
Practices on Basic Wakefulness.+IB0- Annals of the New York 
Academy of Sciences 1307 (2014): 64-81. Wiley. Web. <+IBw-Awakening is not a metaphor: the effects of Buddhist meditation practices on basic wakefulness>. p75 
807 Britton, Willoughby B., Jared R. Lindahl, B. Rael Cahn, Jake H. Davis, and Roberta E. Goldman. +IBw-Awakening Is Not a Metaphor: The Effects of Buddhist Meditation 
Practices on Basic Wakefulness.+IB0- Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences 1307 (2014): 64-81. Wiley. Web. <+IBw-Awakening is not a metaphor: the effects of Buddhist 
meditation practices on basic wakefulness>. 
808 Lindahl, Jared R., Christopher T. Kaplan, Evan M. Winget, and Willoughby B. Britton. +IBw-A Phenomenology of Meditation-induced Light Experiences: Traditional 
Buddhist and Neurobiological Perspectives.+IB0- Frontiers in Psychology 4.000973 (2014): 1-16. Proquest. Web. <http://journal.frontiersin.org/Journal/10.3389/
fpsyg.2013.00973/full>.. 
809 Soave, Robby. +IBw-Feds Spend Millions Dressing Creepy Students Up As Fruits, Vegetables.+IB0- Dailycaller.com. The Daily Caller. 17 March 2014. Web. <http://dailycaller.
com/2014/03/17/feds-spend-millions-dressing-creepy-students-up-as-fruits-vegetables>. 
810 University of TN. +IBw-About Fruved.+IB0- Fruved.com. Web. <http://fruved.com/about/>. 
811 University of TN. +IBw-About Fruved.+IB0- Fruved.com. Web. <http://fruved.com/about/>. 
812 University of TN. +IBw-About Fruved.+IB0- Fruved.com. Web. <http://fruved.com/about/>. 
813 Soave, Robby. +IBw-Feds Spend Millions Dressing Creepy Students Up As Fruits, Vegetables.+IB0- Dailycaller.com. The Daily Caller. 17 March 2014. Web. <http://dailycaller.
com/2014/03/17/feds-spend-millions-dressing-creepy-students-up-as-fruits-vegetables>. 
814 Dodrill, Tara. +IBw-Get Fruved: Government Spends $4.8 Million To Get Students To Dress Up Like Fruit.+IB0-Inquisitir.com. The Inquisitor News. 19 March 2014. Web. 
<http://www.inquisitr.com/1177823/get-fruved-government-spends-4-8-million-to-get-students-to-dress-up-like-fruit/>. 

97

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-815 USDA. Department of Communications. USDA Announces Support for Innovative, Sustainable Wood Building Materials to Protect Environment and Create Jobs.
Usda.gov. USDA, 18 Mar. 2014. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. <http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentid=2014/03/0041.xml&contentidonly=true>. 
816 USDA. Department of Communications. USDA Announces Support for Innovative, Sustainable Wood Building Materials to Protect Environment and Create Jobs.
Usda.gov. USDA, 18 Mar. 2014. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. <http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentid=2014/03/0041.xml&contentidonly=true>.. 
817 Website of Smartlam Technologies Group. <http://www.smartlam.com>. 
818 Rodriguez, Julie M. +ANo-SDA Invests $2 Million in Sustainable Wooden Skyscraper Competition.+IB0- Inhabitat.com. Inhabitant. 24 March 2014. Web. http://inhabitat.com/
usda-invests-2-million-in-sustainable-wooden-skyscraper-designs/>. 
819 Hintze, Lynnette, +IBw-Builder part of White House workshop,+IB0- dailyinterlake.com. Daily Inter Lake. 29 March 2014. Web. <http://www.dailyinterlake.com/members/
builder-part-of-white-house-workshop/article_a0eb02c6-b6eb-11e3-bc6a-001a4bcf887a.html>. 
820 Rodriguez, Julie M. +ANo-SDA Invests $2 Million in Sustainable Wooden Skyscraper Competition.+IB0- Inhabitat.com. Inhabitant. 24 March 2014. Web. http://inhabitat.com/
usda-invests-2-million-in-sustainable-wooden-skyscraper-designs/>. 
821 Fountain, Henry, +IBw-Wood That Reaches New Heights.+IB0- Nytimes.com. The New York Times Company. 4 June 2012. Web. <http://www.nytimes.com/2012/06/05/
science/lofty-ambitions-for-cross-laminated-timber-panels.html?pagewanted=all&_r=0>. 
822 IT Dashboard. +IBw-Disability Case Processing System.+IB0- Itdashboard.gov. Office of Management and Budget. Web. <https://itdashboard.gov/
investment?buscid=630>. 
823 IT Dashboard. +IBw-Disability Case Processing System.+IB0- Itdashboard.gov. Office of Management and Budget. Web. <https://itdashboard.gov/
investment?buscid=630>. 
824 IT Dashboard. +IBw-Disability Case Processing System.+IB0- Itdashboard.gov. Office of Management and Budget. Web. <https://itdashboard.gov/
investment?buscid=630>. 
825 Social Security Administration. +IBw-Independent Analysis of the Disability Case Processing System.+IB0- Final Report. 3 June 2014. Web. <http://oversight.house.gov/wp-
content/uploads/2014/07/DCPS-Study.compressed.pdf>. 
826 Social Security Administration. +IBw-Independent Analysis of the Disability Case Processing System.+IB0- Final Report. 3 June 2014. Web. <http://oversight.house.gov/wp-
content/uploads/2014/07/DCPS-Study.compressed.pdf>. 
827 Social Security Administration. +IBw-Independent Analysis of the Disability Case Processing System.+IB0- Final Report. 3 June 2014. Web. <http://oversight.house.gov/wp-
content/uploads/2014/07/DCPS-Study.compressed.pdf>. 
828 Social Security Administration. +IBw-Independent Analysis of the Disability Case Processing System.+IB0- Final Report. 3 June 2014. Web. <http://oversight.house.gov/wp-
content/uploads/2014/07/DCPS-Study.compressed.pdf>. 
829 Social Security Administration. +IBw-Independent Analysis of the Disability Case Processing System.+IB0- Final Report. 3 June 2014. Web. <http://oversight.house.gov/wp-
content/uploads/2014/07/DCPS-Study.compressed.pdf>. 
830 Social Security Administration. +IBw-Independent Analysis of the Disability Case Processing System.+IB0- Final Report. 3 June 2014. Web. <http://oversight.house.gov/wp-
content/uploads/2014/07/DCPS-Study.compressed.pdf>. 
831 Social Security Administration. +IBw-Independent Analysis of the Disability Case Processing System.+IB0- Final Report. 3 June 2014. Web. <http://oversight.house.gov/wp-
content/uploads/2014/07/DCPS-Study.compressed.pdf>. 
832 Social Security Administration. +IBw-Independent Analysis of the Disability Case Processing System.+IB0- Final Report. 3 June 2014. Web. <http://oversight.house.gov/wp-
content/uploads/2014/07/DCPS-Study.compressed.pdf>. 
833 Social Security Administration. +IBw-Independent Analysis of the Disability Case Processing System.+IB0- Final Report. 3 June 2014. Web. <http://oversight.house.gov/wp-
content/uploads/2014/07/DCPS-Study.compressed.pdf>. 
834 Cohen, Alexander, and James Arkin. +IBw-Afghans Don+IBk-t Like Tofu, Either.+IB0-foreignpolicy. Foreign Policy. 25 July 2014. Web. <http://www.foreignpolicy.com/
articles/2014/07/25/afghans_don_t_like_tofu_either_soybeans_afghanistan>. 
835 +IBw-SIGAR-14-69-SP,+IB0- Letter from SIGAR John Sopko to Tom Vilsack, Secretary, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 9 June 2014. Web. <http://www.sigar.mil/pdf/
Special%20Projects/SIGAR-14-69-SP.pdf>. 
836 Cohen, Alexander, and James Arkin. +IBw-Afghans Don+IBk-t Like Tofu, Either.+IB0-foreignpolicy. Foreign Policy. 25 July 2014. Web. <http://www.foreignpolicy.com/
articles/2014/07/25/afghans_don_t_like_tofu_either_soybeans_afghanistan>. 
837 +IBw-SIGAR-14-69-SP,+IB0- Letter from SIGAR John Sopko to Tom Vilsack, Secretary, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 9 June 2014. Web. <http://www.sigar.mil/pdf/
Special%20Projects/SIGAR-14-69-SP.pdf>. 
838 Cohen, Alexander, and James Arkin. +IBw-Afghans Don+IBk-t Like Tofu, Either.+IB0-foreignpolicy. Foreign Policy. 25 July 2014. Web. <http://www.foreignpolicy.com/
articles/2014/07/25/afghans_don_t_like_tofu_either_soybeans_afghanistan>. 
839 See Value-Added Producer Grants Program, CFDA, <https://www.cfda.gov/
index?s=program&mode=form&tab=core&id=49ca2743a0169877e58643ed2f7e5544>. 
840 See Value-Added Producer Grants Program, CFDA, <https://www.cfda.gov/
index?s=program&mode=form&tab=core&id=49ca2743a0169877e58643ed2f7e5544>. 
841 See Value-Added Producer Grants Program, CFDA, <https://www.cfda.gov/
index?s=program&mode=form&tab=core&id=49ca2743a0169877e58643ed2f7e5544>. 
842 Ocean Spray Cranberries, Inc. Ocean Spray Announces 2013 Financial Results. BusinessWire. 2 December <2013. Web. http://finance.yahoo.com/news/ocean-
spray-announces-2013-financial-150000572.html>. 
843 Office of Congressman Bill Keating. Media Center. KEATING ANNOUNCES VALUE-ADDED PRODUCER GRANT FOR OCEAN SPRAY CRANBERRIES. Website of 
Congressman Bill Keating. U.S. House of Representatives, 21 Aug. 2014. Web. <http://keating.house.gov/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=291:ocean-
spray-cranberries-grant&catid=14&Itemid=13>. 
844 Blue Diamond Growers. Company Info. Bluediamond.com. Blue Diamond Growers. Web. <http://www.bluediamond.com/index.cfm?navid=12>. 
845 US Department of Agriculture. Value-Added Producer Grant Awards Fiscal Year 2014. USDA Rural Development. http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/supportdocuments/
RD_2014VAPGRecipients.pdf. 
846 Blue Diamond Growers. Company Info. Bluediamond.com. Blue Diamond Growers. Web. <http://www.bluediamond.com/index.cfm?navid=12>. 
847 Sunsweet. About Us. Sunsweetfoodservice.com. Sunsweet Growers. Web. <http://www.sunsweetfoodservice.com/about.html>. 
848 Market Access Program, USDA Foreign Agricultural Service. Web. <http://www.fas.usda.gov/programs/market-access-program-map>. 
849 See Tom Coburn, Treasure Map: The Market Access Program+IBk-s Bounty of Waste, Loot and Spoils Plundered from Taxpayer, June 2012. Web. http://www.coburn.

98

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-senate.gov/public//index.cfm?a=Files.Serve&File_id=5c2568d4-ae96-40bc-b3d8-19e7a259f749>. 
850 See MAP Funding Allocations +IBM- FY 2014, USDA (accessed Sept. 19, 2014), <http://www.fas.usda.gov/programs/market-access-program-map/map-funding-
allocations-fy-2014-0>. 
851 See MAP Funding Allocations +IBM- FY 2014, USDA (accessed Sept. 19, 2014), <http://www.fas.usda.gov/programs/market-access-program-map/map-funding-
allocations-fy-2014-0>. 
852 National Science Foundation, Award Abstract #1062619; http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1062619&HistoricalAwards=false. 
853 National Science Foundation, Award Abstract #1062619; http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1062619&HistoricalAwards=false. 
854 SAE International, SAE Clean Snowmobile Challenge: Event Sponsorship, http://students.sae.org/cds/snowmobile/event/sponsors.htm. 
855 National Science Foundation, Award Abstract #1062619; http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1062619&HistoricalAwards=false. 
855 National Science Foundation, Award Abstract #1062619; 
856 Marcia Goodrich, +IBw-Kettering, McGill Win 2014 Clean Snowmobile Challenge,+IB0- Michigan Tech News, March 10, 2014, http://www.mtu.edu/news/stories/2014/
march/kettering-mcgill-win-2014-clean-snowmobile-challenge.html. 
857 Alexander-Bloch, Benjamin. +IBw-St. Bernard Government Reluctantly Moves Forward With Ice House in Yscloskey.+IB0- Nola.com. NOLA Media Group. 6 August 2014. 
Web. <http://www.nola.com/politics/index.ssf/2014/08/st_bernard_government_reluctan.html>. 
858 Perlstein, Mike. +IBw-St. Bernard Parish Spends Hundreds of Thousands And Still Can+IBk-t Get Bulk Ice to Docks.+IB0- Wwltv.com. WWL-TV Eyewitness News, a Gannett 
Company. 1 July 2013. Web. <http://www.wwltv.com/news/eyewitness/mikeperlstein/St-Bernard-getting-cold-reception-on-plans-for-ice-house-213915791.html>. 
859 Alexander-Bloch, Benjamin. +IBw-St. Bernard Government Reluctantly Moves Forward With Ice House in Yscloskey.+IB0- Nola.com. NOLA Media Group. 6 August 2014. 
Web. <http://www.nola.com/politics/index.ssf/2014/08/st_bernard_government_reluctan.html>. 
860 Alexander-Bloch, Benjamin. +IBw-St. Bernard Government Reluctantly Moves Forward With Ice House in Yscloskey.+IB0- Nola.com. NOLA Media Group. 6 August 2014. 
Web. <http://www.nola.com/politics/index.ssf/2014/08/st_bernard_government_reluctan.html>. 
861 Alexander-Bloch, Benjamin. +IBw-St. Bernard Government Reluctantly Moves Forward With Ice House in Yscloskey.+IB0- Nola.com. NOLA Media Group. 6 August 2014. 
Web. <http://www.nola.com/politics/index.ssf/2014/08/st_bernard_government_reluctan.html>. 
862 Alexander-Bloch, Benjamin. +IBw-St. Bernard Government Reluctantly Moves Forward With Ice House in Yscloskey.+IB0- Nola.com. NOLA Media Group. 6 August 2014. 
Web. <http://www.nola.com/politics/index.ssf/2014/08/st_bernard_government_reluctan.html>. 
863 Alexander-Bloch, Benjamin. +IBw-St. Bernard Government Reluctantly Moves Forward With Ice House in Yscloskey.+IB0- Nola.com. NOLA Media Group. 6 August 2014. 
Web. <http://www.nola.com/politics/index.ssf/2014/08/st_bernard_government_reluctan.html>. 
864 Alexander-Bloch, Benjamin. +IBw-St. Bernard Government Reluctantly Moves Forward With Ice House in Yscloskey.+IB0- Nola.com. NOLA Media Group. 6 August 2014. 
Web. <http://www.nola.com/politics/index.ssf/2014/08/st_bernard_government_reluctan.html>. 
865 Alexander-Bloch, Benjamin. +IBw-St. Bernard Government Reluctantly Moves Forward With Ice House in Yscloskey.+IB0- Nola.com. NOLA Media Group. 6 August 2014. 
Web. <http://www.nola.com/politics/index.ssf/2014/08/st_bernard_government_reluctan.html>. 
866 Perlstein, Mike. +IBw-St. Bernard Parish Spends Hundreds of Thousands And Still Can+IBk-t Get Bulk Ice to Docks.+IB0- Wwltv.com. WWL-TV Eyewitness News, a Gannett 
Company. 1 July 2013. Web. <http://www.wwltv.com/news/eyewitness/mikeperlstein/St-Bernard-getting-cold-reception-on-plans-for-ice-house-213915791.html>. 
867 H. Davis Cole & Associates. +IBw-Yscloskey Ice House.+IB0- Hdaviscole.com. H. Davis Cole & Associates, LLC. Web. <http://www.hdaviscole.com/gallery.
php?action=submit&id=9>. 
868 The Editorial Board, NOLA.com. +IBw-Put St. Bernard Ice House Project on Ice: Editorial.+IB0- Editorial. Nola.com. NOLA Media Group, 8 Aug. 2014. Web. <http://www.nola.
com/opinions/index.ssf/2014/08/put_st_bernard_ice_house_proje.html>. 
869 Perlstein, Mike. +IBw-St. Bernard Parish Spends Hundreds of Thousands And Still Can+IBk-t Get Bulk Ice to Docks.+IB0- Wwltv.com. WWL-TV Eyewitness News, a Gannett 
Company. 1 July 2013. Web. <http://www.wwltv.com/news/eyewitness/mikeperlstein/St-Bernard-getting-cold-reception-on-plans-for-ice-house-213915791.html>. 
870 Perlstein, Mike. +IBw-St. Bernard Parish Spends Hundreds of Thousands And Still Can+IBk-t Get Bulk Ice to Docks.+IB0- Wwltv.com. WWL-TV Eyewitness News, a Gannett 
Company. 1 July 2013. Web. <http://www.wwltv.com/news/eyewitness/mikeperlstein/St-Bernard-getting-cold-reception-on-plans-for-ice-house-213915791.html>. 
871 Alexander-Bloch, Benjamin. +IBw-St. Bernard Government Reluctantly Moves Forward With Ice House in Yscloskey.+IB0- Nola.com. NOLA Media Group. 6 August 2014. 
Web. <http://www.nola.com/politics/index.ssf/2014/08/st_bernard_government_reluctan.html>. 
872 Alexander-Bloch, Benjamin. +IBw-St. Bernard Government Reluctantly Moves Forward With Ice House in Yscloskey.+IB0- Nola.com. NOLA Media Group. 6 August 2014. 
Web. <http://www.nola.com/politics/index.ssf/2014/08/st_bernard_government_reluctan.html>. 
873 +IBw-The Editorial Board, NOLA.com. +IBw-Put St. Bernard Ice House Project on Ice: Editorial.+IB0- Editorial. Nola.com. NOLA Media Group, 8 Aug. 2014. Web. <http://www.
nola.com/opinions/index.ssf/2014/08/put_st_bernard_ice_house_proje.html>. 
874 The Editorial Board, NOLA.com. +IBw-Put St. Bernard Ice House Project on Ice: Editorial.+IB0- Editorial. Nola.com. NOLA Media Group, 8 Aug. 2014. Web. <http://www.nola.
com/opinions/index.ssf/2014/08/put_st_bernard_ice_house_proje.html>. 
875 Alexander-Bloch, Benjamin. +IBw-St. Bernard Government Reluctantly Moves Forward With Ice House in Yscloskey.+IB0- Nola.com. NOLA Media Group. 6 August 2014. 
Web. <http://www.nola.com/politics/index.ssf/2014/08/st_bernard_government_reluctan.html>. 
876 H. Davis Cole & Associates. +IBw-Yscloskey Ice House.+IB0- Hdaviscole.com. H. Davis Cole & Associates, LLC. Web. <http://www.hdaviscole.com/gallery.
php?action=submit&id=9>. 
877 Perlstein, Mike. +IBw-St. Bernard Parish Spends Hundreds of Thousands And Still Can+IBk-t Get Bulk Ice to Docks.+IB0- Wwltv.com. WWL-TV Eyewitness News, a Gannett 
Company. 1 July 2013. Web. <http://www.wwltv.com/news/eyewitness/mikeperlstein/St-Bernard-getting-cold-reception-on-plans-for-ice-house-213915791.html>. 
878 National Institutes of Health, +IBw-Kiddio: Food Fight +IBM- Training Vegetable Parenting Practices,+IB0- Project Number 1R44HD075521-02. Web. <http://projectreporter.nih.
gov/project_info_details.cfm?aid=8789535&icde=21290453>. 
879 Fresh Fruit Portal. +IBw-U.S. Researchers Developing App to Improve +IBg-Vegetable Parenting,+IB0- FreshFruitPortal.com. 13 July 2012. Web. <http://www.freshfruitportal.
com/2012/07/13/u-s-researchers-developing-app-to-improve-vegetable-parenting/?country=united%20states>. 
880 Wood, Marcia. +IBw-Getting Your Kids to Eat More Vegetables.+IB0- Agricultural Research (July 2012): 12-14. Www.ars.usga.gov. U.S. Department of Agriculture. Web. 
<Wood, Marcia. +IBw-Getting Your Kids to Eat More Vegetables.+IB0- Agricultural Research (July 2012): n. pag. Http://www.ars.usda.gov/. U.S. Department of Agriculture. 
Web>. 
881 National Institutes of Health, +IBw-Kiddio: Food Fight +IBM- Training Vegetable Parenting Practices,+IB0- Project Number 1R44HD075521-02 <http://projectreporter.nih.gov/
project_info_details.cfm?aid=8789535&icde=21290453>. 
882 National Institutes of Health, +IBw-Kiddio: Food Fight +IBM- Training Vegetable Parenting Practices,+IB0- Project Number 1R44HD075521-02 <http://projectreporter.nih.gov/
project_info_details.cfm?aid=8789535&icde=21290453> 

99

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-883 Yuting, Zhang, Chao Zhou, and Seo Hyon Baik. +IBw-A Simple Change To The Medicare Part D Low-Income Subsidy Program Could Save $5 Billion.+IB0- Health Affairs 
33.6 (2014): 940-45. Healthaffairs.org. Project HOPE, June 2014. Web. 19 Oct. 2014. <http://content.healthaffairs.org/content/33/6/940.full>. 
884 Yuting, Zhang, Chao Zhou, and Seo Hyon Baik. +IBw-A Simple Change To The Medicare Part D Low-Income Subsidy Program Could Save $5 Billion.+IB0- Health Affairs 
33.6 (2014): 940-45. Healthaffairs.org. Project HOPE, June 2014. Web. 19 Oct. 2014. <http://content.healthaffairs.org/content/33/6/940.full>. 
885 Yuting, Zhang, Chao Zhou, and Seo Hyon Baik. +IBw-A Simple Change To The Medicare Part D Low-Income Subsidy Program Could Save $5 Billion.+IB0- Health Affairs 
33.6 (2014): 940-45. Healthaffairs.org. Project HOPE, June 2014. Web. 19 Oct. 2014. <http://content.healthaffairs.org/content/33/6/940.full>. 
886 Yuting, Zhang, Chao Zhou, and Seo Hyon Baik. +IBw-A Simple Change To The Medicare Part D Low-Income Subsidy Program Could Save $5 Billion.+IB0- Health Affairs 
33.6 (2014): 940-45. Healthaffairs.org. Project HOPE, June 2014. Web. 19 Oct. 2014. <http://content.healthaffairs.org/content/33/6/940.full>. 
887 Yuting, Zhang, Chao Zhou, and Seo Hyon Baik. +IBw-A Simple Change To The Medicare Part D Low-Income Subsidy Program Could Save $5 Billion.+IB0- Health Affairs 
33.6 (2014): 940-45. Healthaffairs.org. Project HOPE, June 2014. Web. 19 Oct. 2014. <http://content.healthaffairs.org/content/33/6/940.full>. 
888 Yuting, Zhang, Chao Zhou, and Seo Hyon Baik. +IBw-A Simple Change To The Medicare Part D Low-Income Subsidy Program Could Save $5 Billion.+IB0- Health Affairs 
33.6 (2014): 940-45. Healthaffairs.org. Project HOPE, June 2014. Web. 19 Oct. 2014. <http://content.healthaffairs.org/content/33/6/940.full>. 
889 Smith, Paul E. Townofcary.org. Rep. no. PL14-018. Http://www.townofcary.org/Town_Council/Agendas___Minutes/Staff_Reports/PL14-018_Acceptance_of_the_
Section_108_Loan_from_the_U_S__Department_of_Housing_and_Urban_Development_25753.htm, 26 June 2014. Web. 
890 Specht, Paul A. +IBw-The Mayton Inn Loan Gets OK for Downtown Cary.+IB0- Carynews.com. The Cary News. 20 June 2014. Web. <http://www.carynews.
com/2014/06/20/3951492/the-mayton-inn-loan-gets-ok-for.html>. 
891 Kurry, Dawn.+IBw-Boutique +IBg-20s-style Hotel to Break Ground in Downtown Cary.+IB0- Bizjournals.com. Triangle Business Journal. 18 July 2014. Web. <http://www.
bizjournals.com/triangle/blog/real-estate/2014/07/boutique-20s-style-hotel-to-break-ground-in-cary.html>. 
892 Kurry, Dawn.+IBw-Boutique +IBg-20s-style Hotel to Break Ground in Downtown Cary.+IB0- Bizjournals.com. Triangle Business Journal. 18 July 2014. Web. <http://www.
bizjournals.com/triangle/blog/real-estate/2014/07/boutique-20s-style-hotel-to-break-ground-in-cary.html>. 
893 Specht, Paul A. +IBw-Construction to Start Soon on Downtown+IBk-s Cary+IBk-s The Mayton Inn.+IB0- Carynews.com. The Cary News. 27 June 2014. Web. <http://www.carynews.
com/2014/06/27/3970004/construction-to-start-soon-on.html>. 
894 The Mayton Inn Website. +IBw-All Amenities.+IB0- Maytoninn.com. Web. http://www.maytoninn.com/rooms-rates/all-amenities>. 
895 Mayton Inn. +IBw-It+IBk-s Official: The Mayton Inn!+IB0- Weblog post. Http://maytoninn.wordpress.com/. Wordpress, 9 Oct. 2012. Web. 19 Oct. 2014. <http://maytoninn.
wordpress.com/2012/10/09/its-official-the-mayton-inn/>. 
896 The Mayton Inn Website. +IBw-All Amenities.+IB0- Maytoninn.com. Web. http://www.maytoninn.com/rooms-rates/all-amenities>. 
897 Kurry, Dawn.+IBw-Boutique +IBg-20s-style Hotel to Break Ground in Downtown Cary.+IB0- Bizjournals.com. Triangle Business Journal. 18 July 2014. Web. <http://www.
bizjournals.com/triangle/blog/real-estate/2014/07/boutique-20s-style-hotel-to-break-ground-in-cary.html>. 
898 Specht, Paul A. +IBw-The Mayton Inn Loan Gets OK for Downtown Cary.+IB0- Carynews.com. The Cary News. 20 June 2014. Web. <http://www.carynews.
com/2014/06/20/3951492/the-mayton-inn-loan-gets-ok-for.html>. 
899 Google hotel search, conducted 22 July 2014. <https://www.google.com/hotels/?gl=US&cu_link=1#search;l=Cary,+-North+-Carolina;q=cary,+-nc+-hotel;d=2014-
08-03;n=1;mf=r;ar=;rtt=600;si=55e6887a;av=r>. 
900 Google hotel search, conducted 22 July 2014. <https://www.google.com/hotels/?gl=US&cu_link=1#search;l=Cary,+-North+-Carolina;q=cary,+-nc+-hotel;d=2014-
08-03;n=1;mf=r;ar=;rtt=600;si=55e6887a;av=r>. 
901 The Mayton Inn website. Accessed 22 July 2014. <http://www.maytoninn.com/>. 
902 Stensland, Jeff. +IBw-Urban Rail Ad Campaign Under Fire.+IB0- Austin.twcnews.com. Time Warner Cable Enterprises LLC. 2 August 2014. Web. <http://austin.twcnews.
com/content/news/303685/urban-rail-ad-campaign-under-fire/>. 
903 Stensland, Jeff. +IBw-Urban Rail Ad Campaign Under Fire.+IB0- Austin.twcnews.com. Time Warner Cable Enterprises LLC. 2 August 2014. Web. <http://austin.twcnews.
com/content/news/303685/urban-rail-ad-campaign-under-fire/>. 
904 Stensland, Jeff. +IBw-Urban Rail Ad Campaign Under Fire.+IB0- Austin.twcnews.com. Time Warner Cable Enterprises LLC. 2 August 2014. Web. <http://austin.twcnews.
com/content/news/303685/urban-rail-ad-campaign-under-fire/>. 
905 Henry, Terrence. +IBw-Why is Project Connect Handing Out This Inaccurate Urban Rail Map?+IB0- kut.org. KUT. 10 June 2014. Web. <http://kut.org/post/why-project-
connect-handing-out-inaccurate-urban-rail-map>. 
906 Henry, Terrence. +IBw-Why is Project Connect Handing Out This Inaccurate Urban Rail Map?+IB0- kut.org. KUT. 10 June 2014. Web. <http://kut.org/post/why-project-
connect-handing-out-inaccurate-urban-rail-map>. 
907 KXAN Staff. +IBw-$600M Rail Bond Will be on Ballot; Many Questions Still Loom.+IB0- Kxan.com. LIN Television of Texas, LP. 7 August 2014. Web. <http://kxan.
com/2014/08/07/city-council-set-to-vote-on-urban-rail-bond-today/>. 
908 NASA OIG. Oig.nasa.gov. Rep. no. IG-14-015. NASA OIG Office of Audits, 27 Feb. 2014. Web. <http://oig.nasa.gov/audits/reports/FY14/IG-14-015.pdf>. 
909 NASA OIG. Oig.nasa.gov. Rep. no. IG-14-015. NASA OIG Office of Audits, 27 Feb. 2014. Web. <http://oig.nasa.gov/audits/reports/FY14/IG-14-015.pdf>. 
910 NASA OIG. Oig.nasa.gov. Rep. no. IG-14-015. NASA OIG Office of Audits, 27 Feb. 2014. Web. <http://oig.nasa.gov/audits/reports/FY14/IG-14-015.pdf>. Estimate 
calculated by dividing the IG+IBk-s seven-month estimated cost of $679,000 into a per-month figure. 
911 NASA OIG. Oig.nasa.gov. Rep. no. IG-14-015. NASA OIG Office of Audits, 27 Feb. 2014. Web. <http://oig.nasa.gov/audits/reports/FY14/IG-14-015.pdf>. 
912 NASA OIG. Oig.nasa.gov. Rep. no. IG-14-015. NASA OIG Office of Audits, 27 Feb. 2014. Web. <http://oig.nasa.gov/audits/reports/FY14/IG-14-015.pdf>. 
913 NASA OIG. Oig.nasa.gov. Rep. no. IG-14-015. NASA OIG Office of Audits, 27 Feb. 2014. Web. <http://oig.nasa.gov/audits/reports/FY14/IG-14-015.pdf>.. 
914 NASA OIG. Oig.nasa.gov. Rep. no. IG-14-015. NASA OIG Office of Audits, 27 Feb. 2014. Web. <http://oig.nasa.gov/audits/reports/FY14/IG-14-015.pdf>. p2. 
915 Kaufman, Matt. +IBw-The Saga of the Lost Space Tapes+IB0- washingtonpost.com. The Washington Post. 31 January 2007. Web. <http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-
dyn/content/article/2007/01/30/AR2007013002065.html>. 
916 Fernandez, Manny. +IBw-NASA Searchers for Loot That Traveled From Space to Another Void.+IB0- Nytimes.com. The New York Times Company. 21 January 2012. Web. 
<http://www.nytimes.com/2012/01/22/science/space/nasa-tackles-problem-of-missing-moon-rocks.html?pagewanted=all&_r=0>. 
917 See generally U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Office of Inspector General. Early Warning Report: National Service Center for Environmental Publications 
in Blue Ash, Ohio, Spent $1.5 Million to Store Excess Publications. Report No. 14-P-0132. EPA OIG. Washington, D.C. 11 Mar. 2014. Web. <http://www.epa.gov/oig/
reports/2014/20140311-14-P-0132.pdf>. 
918 U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Office of Inspector General. Early Warning Report: National Service Center for Environmental Publications in Blue Ash, Ohio, 
Spent $1.5 Million to Store Excess Publications. Report No. 14-P-0132. EPA OIG. Washington, D.C. 11 Mar. 2014. Web. <http://www.epa.gov/oig/reports/2014/20140311-
14-P-0132.pdf>. at p3. 

100

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-919 U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Office of Inspector General. Early Warning Report: National Service Center for Environmental Publications in Blue Ash, Ohio, 
Spent $1.5 Million to Store Excess Publications. Report No. 14-P-0132. EPA OIG. Washington, D.C. 11 Mar. 2014. Web. <http://www.epa.gov/oig/reports/2014/20140311-
14-P-0132.pdf>. p5. 
920 U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Office of Inspector General. Early Warning Report: National Service Center for Environmental Publications in Blue Ash, Ohio, 
Spent $1.5 Million to Store Excess Publications. Report No. 14-P-0132. EPA OIG. Washington, D.C. 11 Mar. 2014. Web. <http://www.epa.gov/oig/reports/2014/20140311-
14-P-0132.pdf>. p7. 
921 U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Office of Inspector General. Early Warning Report: National Service Center for Environmental Publications in Blue Ash, Ohio, 
Spent $1.5 Million to Store Excess Publications. Report No. 14-P-0132. EPA OIG. Washington, D.C. 11 Mar. 2014. Web. <http://www.epa.gov/oig/reports/2014/20140311-
14-P-0132.pdf>. 
922 U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Office of Inspector General. Early Warning Report: National Service Center for Environmental Publications in Blue Ash, Ohio, 
Spent $1.5 Million to Store Excess Publications. Report No. 14-P-0132. EPA OIG. Washington, D.C. 11 Mar. 2014. Web. <http://www.epa.gov/oig/reports/2014/20140311-
14-P-0132.pdf>. p6. 
923 PaymentAccuracy.gov. +IBw-About Improper Payments: The Problem.+IB0- Web. 19 September 2014/ Wen/ <https://paymentaccuracy.gov/about-improper-payments>. 
924 PaymentAccuracy.gov. +IBw-Improper Payment Amounts (FYs 2004-2003).+IB0- 19 September 2014. Web. <https://paymentaccuracy.gov/improper-payment-amounts>. 
925 PaymentAccuracy.gov. +IBw-Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP).+IB0- 19 September 2014. Web. <https://paymentaccuracy.gov/tracked/supplemental-
nutrition-assistance-program-snap-2013#learnmore>. 
926 PaymentAccuracy.gov. +IBw-Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP).+IB0- 19 September 2014. Web. <https://paymentaccuracy.gov/tracked/supplemental-
nutrition-assistance-program-snap-2013#learnmore>. 
927 Staff Report. +IBw-11 Louisiana Residents Convicted of Public Benefits Fraud.+IB0- Shreveporttimes.com. Gannett. 2 October 2014. Web. <http://www.shreveporttimes.
com/story/news/local/2014/09/30/louisiana-residents-convicted-public-benefits-fraud/16487489/>. 
928 Malinowski, W. Zachary. +IBw-Sentences Handed Down in Providence Food Stamp Fraud Case.+IB0- 21 September 2014. Web. <http://www.providencejournal.com/news/
courts/20140921-sentences-handed-down-in-providence-food-stamp-fraud-case.ece>. 
929 WGAL News 8. +IBw-23 Sentenced for Welfare Fraud.+IB0- Wgal.com. 16 October 2014. Web. < http://www.wgal.com/news/23-sentenced-for-welfare-fraud/29138500>. 
930 Department of Defense, Office of Inspector General. Defense Logistics Agency Aviation Potentially Overpaid Bell Helicopter for Sole-Source Commercial Spare 
Parts. Rep. No. DODIG-2014-088. Alexandria, VA. 7 July 2014. Web. <http://www.dodig.mil/pubs/report_summary.cfm?id=5890>. 
931 Capaccio, Tony and Salant, Jonathan D. +IBw-Pentagon Found to Pay Textron Unit $8,214 for a $445 Gear.+IB0- Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg L.P. 9 July 2014. Web. <http://
www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-07-08/pentagon-found-to-pay-textron-unit-8-124-for-a-445-gear.html>. 
932 Department of Defense, Office of Inspector General. Defense Logistics Agency Aviation Potentially Overpaid Bell Helicopter for Sole-Source Commercial Spare 
Parts. Rep. No. DODIG-2014-088. Alexandria, VA. 7 July 2014. Web. <http://www.dodig.mil/pubs/report_summary.cfm?id=5890>. 
933 Capaccio, Tony and Salant, Jonathan D. +IBw-Pentagon Found to Pay Textron Unit $8,214 for a $445 Gear.+IB0- Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg L.P. 9 July 2014. Web. <http://
www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-07-08/pentagon-found-to-pay-textron-unit-8-124-for-a-445-gear.html>. 
934 Capaccio, Tony and Salant, Jonathan D. +IBw-Pentagon Found to Pay Textron Unit $8,214 for a $445 Gear.+IB0- Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg L.P. 9 July 2014. Web. <http://
www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-07-08/pentagon-found-to-pay-textron-unit-8-124-for-a-445-gear.html>. 
935 Department of Defense, Office of Inspector General. Defense Logistics Agency Aviation Potentially Overpaid Bell Helicopter for Sole-Source Commercial Spare 
Parts. Rep. No. DODIG-2014-088. Alexandria, VA. 7 July 2014. Web. <http://www.dodig.mil/pubs/report_summary.cfm?id=5890>. 
936 Capaccio, Tony and Salant, Jonathan D. +IBw-Pentagon Found to Pay Textron Unit $8,214 for a $445 Gear.+IB0- Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg L.P. 9 July 2014. Web. <http://
www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-07-08/pentagon-found-to-pay-textron-unit-8-124-for-a-445-gear.html>. 
937 DHS Office of Inspector General. U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement+IBk-s Management of the Federal Employees+IBk- Compensation Act Program. Rep. No. OIG-
14-105.Washington, D.C. 1 July 2014. Web. <http://www.oig.dhs.gov/assets/Mgmt/2014/OIG_14-105_Jul14.pdf>. p4 
938 DHS Office of Inspector General. U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement+IBk-s Management of the Federal Employees+IBk- Compensation Act Program. Rep. No. OIG-
14-105.Washington, D.C. 1 July 2014. Web. <http://www.oig.dhs.gov/assets/Mgmt/2014/OIG_14-105_Jul14.pdf>. p4 
939 DHS Office of Inspector General. U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement+IBk-s Management of the Federal Employees+IBk- Compensation Act Program. Rep. No. OIG-
14-105.Washington, D.C. 1 July 2014. Web. <http://www.oig.dhs.gov/assets/Mgmt/2014/OIG_14-105_Jul14.pdf>. p4 
940 Sopko, John F. +IBw-SIGAR Disposition Notification Request.+IB0- Letter to The Honorable Charles T. Hagel, Secretary of Defense. 3 Oct. 2014. MS. Office of the Special 
Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, Arlington, VA. 
Web. <http://www.sigar.mil/pdf/special%20projects/SIGAR-15-04-SP_IL_G222%20Disposition%20Notf%20Req_03Oct2014_Redacted.pdf>. 
941 Department of Defense, Office of Inspector General. Critical Information Needed to Determine the Cost and Availability of G222 Spare Parts. Report No.: D2012-
D000AT-0170.000. Alexandria, VA: DOD-OIG. 31 January 2013. Print. 
942 Sopko, John F. +IBw-SIGAR Disposition Notification Request.+IB0- Letter to The Honorable Charles T. Hagel, Secretary of Defense. 3 Oct. 2014. MS. Office of the Special 
Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, Arlington, VA. 
Web. <http://www.sigar.mil/pdf/special%20projects/SIGAR-15-04-SP_IL_G222%20Disposition%20Notf%20Req_03Oct2014_Redacted.pdf> 
943 Sopko, John F. +IBw-SIGAR Disposition Notification Request.+IB0- Letter to The Honorable Charles T. Hagel, Secretary of Defense. 3 Oct. 2014. MS. Office of the Special 
Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, Arlington, VA. 
Web. <http://www.sigar.mil/pdf/special%20projects/SIGAR-15-04-SP_IL_G222%20Disposition%20Notf%20Req_03Oct2014_Redacted.pdf> 
944 Schogol, Jeff. +IBw-DLA Junks Multimillion Planes for Afghan Air Force, Sells Scrap for 6 Cents a Pound.+IB0- Airforcetimes.com. Gannett. 9 October 2014. Web. <http://
www.airforcetimes.com/article/20141009/NEWS/310090068/DLA-junks-multimillion-planes-Afghan-Air-Force-sells-scrap-6-cents-pound>. 
945 Capaccio, Tony. +IBw-Planes Parked in Weeds in Kabul After $486 Million Spent.+IB0- Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg L.P. 9 December 2013. Web. <http://www.bloomberg.
com/news/2013-12-10/planes-parked-in-weeds-in-kabul-after-486-million-spent.html>. 
946 Smith, Jada F., +IBw-Eisenhower Memorial Moves Forward,+IB0- nytimes.com. The New York Times Company. 24 September 2014. Web. <http://www.nytimes.
com/2014/09/25/us/25eisenhower.html?_r=0>. 
947 Joynt, Carol Ross. +IBw-Tug of War.+IB0- Washingtonian.com. Washington Magazine, Inc. 30 April 2014. Web. <http://www.washingtonian.com/articles/people/tug-of-
war/>. 
948 Smith, Jada F., +IBw-Eisenhower Memorial Moves Forward,+IB0- nytimes.com. The New York Times Company. 24 September 2014. Web. <http://www.nytimes.
com/2014/09/25/us/25eisenhower.html?_r=0>. 
949 Smith, Jada F., +IBw-Eisenhower Memorial Moves Forward,+IB0- nytimes.com. The New York Times Company. 24 September 2014. Web. <http://www.nytimes.
com/2014/09/25/us/25eisenhower.html?_r=0>. 

101

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-950 Zongker, Brett, +IBw-Eisenhower Memorial Approval Delayed Into 2013,+IB0- ap.com. Associated Press. 16 November 2012. Web. http://bigstory.ap.org/article/eisenhower-
memorial-approval-delayed-2013>. 
951 Committee on Natural Resources, Majority Staff. Five-Star Folly: An Investigation into the Cost Increases, Construction Delays, and Design Problems That Have Been 
a Disservice to the Effort to memorialize Dwight D. Eisenhower. U.S. House of Representatives. Web. http://naturalresources.house.gov/uploadedfiles/oversightreport-
113-eisenhowermemorial.pdf>. 
952 Smith, Jada F., +IBw-Eisenhower Memorial Moves Forward,+IB0- nytimes.com. The New York Times Company. 24 September 2014. Web. <http://www.nytimes.
com/2014/09/25/us/25eisenhower.html?_r=0>. 
953 Clift, Eleanor. +IBw-The Strange Fight Over the Eisenhower Memorial. Thedailybeast.com. The Daily Beast Company LLC. 3 September 2014. Web. <http://www.
thedailybeast.com/articles/2014/09/03/the-strange-fight-over-the-eisenhower-memorial.html>. 
954 Shubow, Justin. +IBw-It+IBk-s Time to Bury Frank Gehry+IBk-s Eisenhower Memorial.+IB0- Rollcall.com CQ Roll Call. 3 February 2014. Web. <http://www.rollcall.com/news/its_time_
to_bury_frank_gehrys_eisenhower_memorial_commentary-230612-1.html>. 
955 Committee on Natural Resources, Majority Staff. Five-Star Folly: An Investigation into the Cost Increases, Construction Delays, and Design Problems That Have Been 
a Disservice to the Effort to memorialize Dwight D. Eisenhower. U.S. House of Representatives. Web. http://naturalresources.house.gov/uploadedfiles/oversightreport-
113-eisenhowermemorial.pdf>. 
956 Roche, Sam. +IBw-It You Like Ike, Start Over With His Memorial.+IB0- Wsj.com. Dow Jones & Company. 4 August 2014. Web. http://online.wsj.com/articles/sam-roche-if-
you-like-ike-start-over-with-his-memorial-1407195093>. 
957 Rosiak, Luke, +IBw-Uncertain Future Troubles Eisenhower Memorial Commission and its Insular Staff.+IB0- Washingtonexaminer.com. Washington Examiner. 15 April 2014. 
Web. <http://washingtonexaminer.com/uncertain-future-troubles-eisenhower-memorial-commission-and-its-insular-staff/article/2547245>. 
958 Rosiak, Luke, +IBw-Uncertain Future Troubles Eisenhower Memorial Commission and its Insular Staff.+IB0- Washingtonexaminer.com. Washington Examiner. 15 April 2014. 
Web. <http://washingtonexaminer.com/uncertain-future-troubles-eisenhower-memorial-commission-and-its-insular-staff/article/2547245>. 
959 Boyle, Katherine. +IBw-Planning Commission Goes to War with Gehry Partners Over Eisenhower Memorial.+IB0- Washingtonpost.com. The Washington Post. 3 April 
2014. Web. http://www.washingtonpost.com/entertainment/museums/planning-commission-goes-to-war-with-gehry-partners-over-eisenhower-memorial-
design/2014/04/03/b7351f14-bb6c-11e3-9c3c-311301e2167d_story.html>. 
960 Smith, Jada F., +IBw-Eisenhower Memorial Moves Forward,+IB0- nytimes.com. The New York Times Company. 24 September 2014. Web. <http://www.nytimes.
com/2014/09/25/us/25eisenhower.html?_r=0>. 
961 Brooks, Mike. +IBw-Native Americans Turning Butterflies Into Businesses.+IB0- Okcfoc.com. KOKH FOX 25. 14 August 2014. Web. <http://www.okcfox.com/
story/26286223/native-americans-turning-butterflies-into-businesses>. 
962 Brooks, Mike. +IBw-Native Americans Turning Butterflies Into Businesses.+IB0- Okcfoc.com. KOKH FOX 25. 14 August 2014. Web. <http://www.okcfox.com/
story/26286223/native-americans-turning-butterflies-into-businesses>. 
963 Lobosco, Katie. +IBw-Butterfly Farm is a Surprising Job Creator.+IB0- CNN.COM. CNN. 19 August 2014. Web. <http://money.cnn.com/2014/08/14/smallbusiness/butterfly-
farm-jobs/>. 
964 Lobosco, Katie. +IBw-Butterfly Farm is a Surprising Job Creator.+IB0- CNN.COM. CNN. 19 August 2014. Web. <http://money.cnn.com/2014/08/14/smallbusiness/butterfly-
farm-jobs/>. 
965 Habib, Nour. +IBw-Thlopthlocco Tribal Town Receives $500,000 Grant for Butterfly Farming.+IB0- Tulsaworld.com. BH Media Group Holdings, Inc. 4 August 2014. Web. 
<http://www.tulsaworld.com/news/local/thlopthlocco-tribal-town-receives-grant-for-butterfly-farming/article_82cf4f0f-e374-57c0-a625-4239c80e79b6.
html?mode=jqm>. 
966 Rutland, Amanda. +IBw-Muscogee (Creek) Tribal Town Receives Federal Grant.+IB0- Muscogeenation-nsn.gov. Muscogee (Creek) Nation. 14 September 2014. Web. <http://
www.muscogeenation-nsn.gov/Pages/Articles/14Sep/butterflygrant.html>. 
967 Habib, Nour. +IBw-Thlopthlocco Tribal Town Receives $500,000 Grant for Butterfly Farming.+IB0- Tulsaworld.com. BH Media Group Holdings, Inc. 4 August 2014. Web. 
<http://www.tulsaworld.com/news/local/thlopthlocco-tribal-town-receives-grant-for-butterfly-farming/article_82cf4f0f-e374-57c0-a625-4239c80e79b6.
html?mode=jqm>. 
968 Habib, Nour. +IBw-Thlopthlocco Tribal Town Receives $500,000 Grant for Butterfly Farming.+IB0- Tulsaworld.com. BH Media Group Holdings, Inc. 4 August 2014. Web. 
<http://www.tulsaworld.com/news/local/thlopthlocco-tribal-town-receives-grant-for-butterfly-farming/article_82cf4f0f-e374-57c0-a625-4239c80e79b6.
html?mode=jqm>. 
969 Habib, Nour. +IBw-Thlopthlocco Tribal Town Receives $500,000 Grant for Butterfly Farming.+IB0- Tulsaworld.com. BH Media Group Holdings, Inc. 4 August 2014. Web. 
<http://www.tulsaworld.com/news/local/thlopthlocco-tribal-town-receives-grant-for-butterfly-farming/article_82cf4f0f-e374-57c0-a625-4239c80e79b6.
html?mode=jqm>. 
970 Habib, Nour. +IBw-Thlopthlocco Tribal Town Receives $500,000 Grant for Butterfly Farming.+IB0- Tulsaworld.com. BH Media Group Holdings, Inc. 4 August 2014. Web. 
<http://www.tulsaworld.com/news/local/thlopthlocco-tribal-town-receives-grant-for-butterfly-farming/article_82cf4f0f-e374-57c0-a625-4239c80e79b6.
html?mode=jqm>. 
971 Thlopthlocco Tribal Town of Oklahoma website, Accessed 18 October 2014. <http://tttown.org/>. 
972 Habib, Nour. +IBw-Thlopthlocco Tribal Town Receives $500,000 Grant for Butterfly Farming.+IB0- Tulsaworld.com. BH Media Group Holdings, Inc. 4 August 2014. 
Web. <http://tulsaworld.com/news/local/thlopthlocco-tribal-town-receives-grant-for-butterfly-farming/article_82cf4f0f-e374-57c0-a625-4239c80e79b6.
html?mode=jqm>. 
973 Brooks, Mike. +IBw-Native Americans Turning Butterflies Into Businesses.+IB0- Okcfoc.com. KOKH FOX 25. 14 August 2014. Web. <http://www.okcfox.com/
story/26286223/native-americans-turning-butterflies-into-businesses>. 
974 Lobosco, Katie. +IBw-Butterfly Farm is a Surprising Job Creator.+IB0- CNN.COM. CNN. 19 August 2014. Web. <http://money.cnn.com/2014/08/14/smallbusiness/butterfly-
farm-jobs/>. 
975 Lobosco, Katie. +IBw-Butterfly Farm is a Surprising Job Creator.+IB0- CNN.COM. CNN. 19 August 2014. Web. <http://money.cnn.com/2014/08/14/smallbusiness/butterfly-
farm-jobs/>. 
976 Lobosco, Katie. +IBw-Butterfly Farm is a Surprising Job Creator.+IB0- CNN.COM. CNN. 19 August 2014. Web. <http://money.cnn.com/2014/08/14/smallbusiness/butterfly-
farm-jobs/>. 
977 Habib, Nour. +IBw-Thlopthlocco Tribal Town Receives $500,000 Grant for Butterfly Farming.+IB0- Tulsaworld.com. BH Media Group Holdings, Inc. 4 August 2014. Web. 
<http://www.tulsaworld.com/news/local/thlopthlocco-tribal-town-receives-grant-for-butterfly-farming/article_82cf4f0f-e374-57c0-a625-4239c80e79b6.
html?mode=jqm>. 
978 +IBw-Board of Directors Meeting Agenda.+IB0- Psta.net. Pinellas Suncoast Transit Authority. 14 December 2011. Web. <http://www.psta.net/PDF/BM%20Agenda%2012-
14-11.pdf>. 

102

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-979 +IBw-Eva,+IB0- Pinellas Suncoast Transit Authority, July 19, 2013, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FR2kGChlisw&list=UUdnSqkMP59iISL_v_GtcNTQ, accessed August 
4, 2014. 
980 http://greenlightpinellas.com/about/the-greenlight-pinellas-plan 
981 Kroft, Steve. +IBw-Biggest IRS Scam Around: Identity Tax Refund Fraud.+IB0- 21 September 2014. Web. <http://www.cbsnews.com/news/irs-scam-identity-tax-refund-
fraud-60-minutes/>. 
982 White, James R. Identity Theft: Additional Actions Could Help IRS Combat the Large, Evolving Threat of Refund Fraud. Report No.: GAO-14-633. Report to 
Congressional Requesters. Governmental Accountability. August 2014. Web. <http://www.gao.gov/assets/670/665368.pdf >. 
983 Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration. There are Billions of Dollars in Undetected Tax Refund Fraud Resulting From Identity Theft. Report No. 2012-42-
080. Washington, D.C.: TIGTA. 19 July 2012. Web. <http://www.treasury.gov/tigta/auditreports/2012reports/201242080fr.pdf>. 
984 White, James R. Identity Theft: Additional Actions Could Help IRS Combat the Large, Evolving Threat of Refund Fraud. Report No.: GAO-14-633. Report to 
Congressional Requesters. Governmental Accountability. August 2014. Web. <http://www.gao.gov/assets/670/665368.pdf >. 
985 White, James R. Identity Theft: Additional Actions Could Help IRS Combat the Large, Evolving Threat of Refund Fraud. Report No.: GAO-14-633. Report to 
Congressional Requesters. Governmental Accountability. August 2014. Web. <http://www.gao.gov/assets/670/665368.pdf >. 
986 Kroft, Steve. +IBw-Biggest IRS Scam Around: Identity Tax Refund Fraud.+IB0- 21 September 2014. Web. <http://www.cbsnews.com/news/irs-scam-identity-tax-refund-
fraud-60-minutes/>. 
987 Kroft, Steve. +IBw-Biggest IRS Scam Around: Identity Tax Refund Fraud.+IB0- 21 September 2014. Web. <http://www.cbsnews.com/news/irs-scam-identity-tax-refund-
fraud-60-minutes/>. 
988 White, James R. Identity Theft: Additional Actions Could Help IRS Combat the Large, Evolving Threat of Refund Fraud. Report No.: GAO-14-633. Report to 
Congressional Requesters. Governmental Accountability. August 2014. Web. <http://www.gao.gov/assets/670/665368.pdf >. 
989 UNC Morehead Planetarium and Science Center, Call for Event Submissions, 12 December 2013. <http://moreheadplanetarium.org/blog/index.php?cat=5>. 
990 UNC Morehead Planetarium and Science Center, Call for Event Submissions. 12 December 2013, Web. <http://moreheadplanetarium.org/blog/index.php?cat=5>. 
991 National Science Foundation, Award Abstract #14223004. <http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1423004>; National Science Foundation, 
Award Abstract #1423050. <http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1423050>. 
992 Science Festival Alliance, About the Science Festival Alliance, http://sciencefestivals.org/about/about-the-science-festival-alliance. 
993 National Science Foundation, Award Abstract #14223004. <http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1423004>; National Science Foundation, 
Award Abstract #1423050. <http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1423050>. 
994 National Science Foundation, Award Abstract #14223004. <http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1423004>; National Science Foundation, 
Award Abstract #1423050. <http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1423050>. 
995 Oliver, Becky. +IBw-Investigation: Trouble at the Job Corps.+IB0- Myfoxfw.com. KDFW Fox 4. 4 August 2014. Web. <http://www.myfoxdfw.com/story/26195573/
investigation-trouble-at-the-job-corps>. 
996 Tate, Kristin. +IBw-Government-Funded Youth Program Allegedly Ridden with Corruption, Rape, Drug Abuse.+IB0- Breitbart.com. Brietbart. 23 July 2014. Web. <http://www.
breitbart.com/Breitbart-Texas/2014/07/23/Government-Funded-Youth-Program-Allegedly-Ridden-with-Corruption-Rape-Drug-Abuse>. 
997 Oliver, Becky. +IBw-Investigation: Trouble at the Job Corps.+IB0- Myfoxfw.com. KDFW Fox 4. 4 August 2014. Web. <http://www.myfoxdfw.com/story/26195573/
investigation-trouble-at-the-job-corps>. 
998 Oliver, Becky, +IBw-Investigation: Trouble at the Job Corps, part 2.+IB0- Myfoxfw.com. KDFW Fox4. 6 August 2014, <http://www.myfoxdfw.com/story/26206562/trouble-
at-the-job-corps-part-2>. 
999 Oliver, Becky, +IBw-Investigation: Trouble at the Job Corps, part 2.+IB0- Myfoxfw.com. KDFW Fox4. 6 August 2014, <http://www.myfoxdfw.com/story/26206562/trouble-
at-the-job-corps-part-2>. 
1000 Oliver, Becky, +IBw-Investigation: Trouble at the Job Corps, part 2.+IB0- Myfoxfw.com. KDFW Fox4. 6 August 2014, <http://www.myfoxdfw.com/story/26206562/trouble-
at-the-job-corps-part-2>. 
1001 Oliver, Becky, +IBw-Investigation: Trouble at the Job Corps, part 2.+IB0- Myfoxfw.com. KDFW Fox4. 6 August 2014, <http://www.myfoxdfw.com/story/26206562/trouble-
at-the-job-corps-part-2>. 
1002 Fahrenthold, David A., +IBw-Great Society at 50: LBJ+IBk-s Job Corps will cost taxpayers $1.7 billion this year. Does it work?+IB0- washingtonpost.com. The Washington Post. 
19 May 2014. Web. <http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/jobs-corps-benefits-lead-to-questions-on-programs-costs/2014/05/19/80136056-db86-11e3-8009-
71de85b9c527_story.html>. According to the Department of Labor, the Treasure Island is scheduled to close. 
1003 Fahrenthold, David A. +IBw-Job Corps Closing Troubled Center in Oklahoma. 28 August 2014. Web. <http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/federal-eye/
wp/2014/08/28/job-corps-closing-troubled-center-in-oklahoma/>. 
1004 Fahrenthold, David A., +IBw-Great Society at 50: LBJ+IBk-s Job Corps will cost taxpayers $1.7 billion this year. Does it work?+IB0- washingtonpost.com. The Washington Post. 
19 May 2014. Web. <http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/jobs-corps-benefits-lead-to-questions-on-programs-costs/2014/05/19/80136056-db86-11e3-8009-
71de85b9c527_story.html>. 
1005 Oliver, Becky, +IBw-Investigation: Trouble at the Job Corps, part 2.+IB0- Myfoxfw.com. KDFW Fox4. 6 August 2014, <http://www.myfoxdfw.com/story/26206562/trouble-
at-the-job-corps-part-2>. 
1006 Fahrenthold, David A., +IBw-Great Society at 50: LBJ+IBk-s Job Corps will cost taxpayers $1.7 billion this year. Does it work?+IB0- washingtonpost.com. The Washington Post. 
19 May 2014. Web. <http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/jobs-corps-benefits-lead-to-questions-on-programs-costs/2014/05/19/80136056-db86-11e3-8009-
71de85b9c527_story.html>. 
1007 Fahrenthold, David A., +IBw-Great Society at 50: LBJ+IBk-s Job Corps will cost taxpayers $1.7 billion this year. Does it work?+IB0- washingtonpost.com. The Washington Post. 
19 May 2014. Web. <http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/jobs-corps-benefits-lead-to-questions-on-programs-costs/2014/05/19/80136056-db86-11e3-8009-
71de85b9c527_story.html>. 
1008 Information provided by the Department of the Navy. 
1009 Bendick, John, Brian Kettl, and Jen Thran. +IBw-NAVSUP Updates the Buy It Green Guide.+IB0- Currents spring 2014: 69+-. Greenfleet. U.S. Navy. Web. <http://greenfleet.
dodlive.mil/files/2014/05/Spr14_NAVSUP_Buy_It_Green.pdf>. 
1010 Turner, Katherine, and Ashely Tolbert. +IBw-CNO Recognizes Awards Winners for Exceptional Environmental Stewardship.+IB0- Currents summer 2014: 7+-. Greenfleet. U.S. 
Navy. Web. <http://greenfleet.dodlive.mil/files/2014/08/Sum14_CNO__Awards_Winners.pdf>. 
1011 Office of the Secretary of the Navy. +IBw-Great Green Fleet.+IB0- Web. <http://greenfleet.dodlive.mil/energy/great-green-fleet/>. 
1012 Information provided by the Department of the Navy. 

103

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-1013 Information provided by the Department of the Navy. 
1014 National Science Foundation. +IBw-Collaborative Research: Wikipedia and the Democratization of Academic Knowledge.+IB0- Award No. 1322934 and Award No. 1322971. 
Web. <http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1322934>. <http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1322971>. 
1015 National Science Foundation. +IBw-Collaborative Research: Wikipedia and the Democratization of Academic Knowledge.+IB0- Award No. 1322934 and Award No. 1322971. 
Web. <http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1322934>. <http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1322971>. 
1016 National Science Foundation. +IBw-Collaborative Research: Wikipedia and the Democratization of Academic Knowledge.+IB0- Award No. 1322934 and Award No. 1322971. 
Web. <http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1322934>. <http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1322971>. 
Harrington, Elizabeth. +IBw-Government-Funded Study: Why is Wikipedia Sexist?.+IB0- Freebeacon.com. The Washington Free Beacon. 30 July 2014. Web. http://freebeacon.
com/issues/government-funded-study-why-is-wikipedia-sexist/>. 
1017 Filipacchi, Amanda. +IBw-Wikipedia+IBk-s Sexism Toward Female Novelists.+IB0- Nytimes.com. The New York Times Company. 24 April 2013. Web. <http://www.nytimes.
com/2013/04/28/opinion/sunday/wikipedias-sexism-toward-female-novelists.html>. 
1018 MacDonald, Heather. +IBw-Wikipedia Is Male-Dominated. That Doesn+IBk-t Mean It+IBk-s Sexist.+IB0- Slate.com The Slate Group, The Washington Post Company. 9 February 2011. 
Web. <http://www.slate.com/articles/double_x/doublex/2011/02/wikipedia_is_maledominated_that_doesnt_mean_its_sexist.2.html>. 
1019 National Science Foundation. +IBw-Collaborative Research: Wikipedia and the Democratization of Academic Knowledge.+IB0- Award No. 1322934 and Award No. 1322971. 
Web. <http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1322934>. <http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1322971>. 
1020 Transportation for America. The Fix We+IBk-re In For: The State of Our Nation+IBk-s Bridges 2013. Transportation for America. Web. <http://t4america.org/docs/
bridgereport2013/2013BridgeReport.pdf>. 
1021 Bridgers, Leslie, +IBw-Portland to Install Traffic-slowing Devices on 10 Streets.+IB0- Pressherald.com. Maine Today Media, Inc. 28 June 2014. Web. http://www.pressherald.
com/2014/06/28/portland-to-install-traffic-slowing-devices-on-10-streets/>. 
1022 WMTW ABC 8. +IBw-Traffic Calming Coming to Portland Neighborhoods.+IB0- Wmtw.com. Hearst Properties, Inc. 1 August 2014. Web. <http://www.wmtw.com/news/
traffic-calming-coming-to-portland-neighborhoods/27270340>. 
1023 WMTW ABC 8. +IBw-Traffic Calming Coming to Portland Neighborhoods.+IB0- Wmtw.com. Hearst Properties, Inc. 1 August 2014. Web. <http://www.wmtw.com/news/
traffic-calming-coming-to-portland-neighborhoods/27270340>. 
1024 Harry, David. +IBw-2 Portland Neighborhoods to Get Traffic-calming Measures.+IB0- Theforecaster.net. The Forecaster. 24 June 2014. Web. <http://www.theforecaster.
net/news/print/2014/06/24/2-portland-neighborhoods-get-traffic-calming-measu/202619>. 
1025 U.S. Economic Development Administration. Public Affairs Department. U.S. Department of Commerce Invests $1.5 Million to Support Mixed-Use 
Development of Thompson+IBk-s Point in Portland, Maine. Eda.gov. Department of Commerce, 20 Sept. 2012. Web. 19 Oct. 2014. <http://www.eda.gov/news/press-
releases/2012/09/20/portland_me.htm>. 
1026 Harry, David. +IBw-2 Portland Neighborhoods to Get Traffic-calming Measures.+IB0- Theforecaster.net. The Forecaster. 24 June 2014. Web. <http://www.theforecaster.
net/news/print/2014/06/24/2-portland-neighborhoods-get-traffic-calming-measu/202619>. 
1027 +IBw-WMTW ABC 8. +IBw-Traffic Calming Coming to Portland Neighborhoods.+IB0- Wmtw.com. Hearst Properties, Inc. 1 August 2014. Web. <http://www.wmtw.com/news/
traffic-calming-coming-to-portland-neighborhoods/27270340>. 
1028 Website of the City of Portland, Maine, News Release, +IBw-Traffic Calming Measures Coming to Libbytown & Rosemont.+IB0- 30 June 2014. Web. <http://www.
portlandmaine.gov/CivicAlerts.aspx?AID=230>. 
1029 Harry, David. +IBw-2 Portland Neighborhoods to Get Traffic-calming Measures.+IB0- Theforecaster.net. The Forecaster. 24 June 2014. Web. <http://www.theforecaster.
net/news/print/2014/06/24/2-portland-neighborhoods-get-traffic-calming-measu/202619>. 
1030 Harry, David. +IBw-2 Portland Neighborhoods to Get Traffic-calming Measures.+IB0- Theforecaster.net. The Forecaster. 24 June 2014. Web. <http://www.theforecaster.
net/news/print/2014/06/24/2-portland-neighborhoods-get-traffic-calming-measu/202619>. 
1031 U.S. Senator Tom Coburn M.D. Wastebook 2013. < http://www.coburn.senate.gov/public//index.cfm?a=Files. Serve&File_id=d204730e-4a24-4711-b1db-
99bb6c29d4b6>. 
1032 U.S. Department of Justice, Justice Management Division, Procurement Services Staff. Brand Name Justification. file:///C:/Users/ca42886/Downloads/Brand_
Name_Justification%20(2).pdf>. 
1033 U.S. Department of Justice, Justice Management Division, Procurement Services Staff. Brand Name Justification. 
1034 U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder. Memorandum For All Department of Justice Employees: Budget Implications for the Department of Justice Workforce. 21 January 
2011. Washington, DC: Department of Justice January 21, 2011. <http://abcnews.go.com/images/Politics/AG%20Memo%20re%20Budget%20Implications%20
for%20the%20DOJ%20Workforce.pdf>. 
1035 Department of Justice. Office of Public Affairs. Attorney General Holder Announces Justice Department to Lift Hiring Freeze. Justice.gov. DOJ, 10 Feb. 2014. Web. 18 
Oct. 2014. <http://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/attorney-general-holder-announces-justice-department-lift-hiring-freeze>. 
Bureau of Labor and Statistics. Economic News Releases. Employment Situation Summary. Bls.gov. U.S. Department of Labor, 3 Oct. 2014. Web. 18 Oct. 2014. <http://
www.bls.gov/news.release/empsit.nr0.htm>. 
1037 National Association for Law Placement. +IBw-Employment for the Class of 2012-Selected Findings.+IB0- Nalp.org. 2013 Web. <http://www.nalp.org/uploads/
Classof2012SelectedFindings.pdf>. 
1038 Dorsewitz, Michael. +IBw-DOJ Spending Over Half Million to +IBg-EnhanceProfile+IBk- on LinkedIn.+IB0- Bizpacreview.com. BizPac Review. 3 January 2014. Web. < http://www.
bizpacreview.com/2014/01/03/doj-spending-over-half-million-to-enhance-profile-on-linkedin-91908>. 
1039 U.S. Department of Justice, Justice Management Division, Procurement Services Staff. Brand Name Justification. file:///C:/Users/ca42886/Downloads/Brand_
Name_Justification%20(2).pdf>. 
U.S. Department of Justice, Justice Management Division, Procurement Services Staff. Brand Name Justification. file:///C:/Users/ca42886/Downloads/Brand_Name_
Justification%20(2).pdf>. 
1041 Gullo, Karen. +IBw-LinkedIn Sues Unknown Hackers Over Fakes Profiles.+IB0- Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg L.P. 7 January 2014. Web. <http://www.bloomberg.com/
news/2014-01-07/linkedin-sues-unknown-hackers-over-thousands-of-fake-accounts.html>. 
1042 Martosko, David. +IBw-Expensive +IBg-Choices+IBk-: U.S. Taxpayers Spent $55,000 on Travel Expenses for Hillary Clinton+IBk-s BOOK TOUR in Paris and Berlin +IBM- Including 
Her $3,668-a-night Hotel Suite.+IB0- Dailymail.co.uk Associated Newspapers Ltd. 11 August 2014. Web. <http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2722178/Expensive-
Choices-US-taxpayers-spent-55-000-travel-expenses-Hillary-Clintons-BOOK-TOUR-Paris-Berlin.html>. 
1043 Martosko, David. +IBw-Expensive +IBg-Choices+IBk-: U.S. Taxpayers Spent $55,000 on Travel Expenses for Hillary Clinton+IBk-s BOOK TOUR in Paris and Berlin +IBM- Including 
Her $3,668-a-night Hotel Suite.+IB0- Dailymail.co.uk Associated Newspapers Ltd. 11 August 2014. Web. <http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2722178/Expensive-
Choices-US-taxpayers-spent-55-000-travel-expenses-Hillary-Clintons-BOOK-TOUR-Paris-Berlin.html>. 

104

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-1044 Martosko, David. +IBw-Expensive +IBg-Choices+IBk-: U.S. Taxpayers Spent $55,000 on Travel Expenses for Hillary Clinton+IBk-s BOOK TOUR in Paris and Berlin +IBM- Including 
Her $3,668-a-night Hotel Suite.+IB0- Dailymail.co.uk Associated Newspapers Ltd. 11 August 2014. Web. <http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2722178/Expensive-
Choices-US-taxpayers-spent-55-000-travel-expenses-Hillary-Clintons-BOOK-TOUR-Paris-Berlin.html>. 
1045 Martosko, David. +IBw-Expensive +IBg-Choices+IBk-: U.S. Taxpayers Spent $55,000 on Travel Expenses for Hillary Clinton+IBk-s BOOK TOUR in Paris and Berlin +IBM- Including 
Her $3,668-a-night Hotel Suite.+IB0- Dailymail.co.uk Associated Newspapers Ltd. 11 August 2014. Web. <http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2722178/Expensive-
Choices-US-taxpayers-spent-55-000-travel-expenses-Hillary-Clintons-BOOK-TOUR-Paris-Berlin.html>. 
1046 Martosko, David. +IBw-Expensive +IBg-Choices+IBk-: U.S. Taxpayers Spent $55,000 on Travel Expenses for Hillary Clinton+IBk-s BOOK TOUR in Paris and Berlin +IBM- Including 
Her $3,668-a-night Hotel Suite.+IB0- Dailymail.co.uk Associated Newspapers Ltd. 11 August 2014. Web. <http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2722178/Expensive-
Choices-US-taxpayers-spent-55-000-travel-expenses-Hillary-Clintons-BOOK-TOUR-Paris-Berlin.html>. 
1047 Martosko, David. +IBw-Expensive +IBg-Choices+IBk-: U.S. Taxpayers Spent $55,000 on Travel Expenses for Hillary Clinton+IBk-s BOOK TOUR in Paris and Berlin +IBM- Including 
Her $3,668-a-night Hotel Suite.+IB0- Dailymail.co.uk Associated Newspapers Ltd. 11 August 2014. Web. <http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2722178/Expensive-
Choices-US-taxpayers-spent-55-000-travel-expenses-Hillary-Clintons-BOOK-TOUR-Paris-Berlin.html>. 
1048 Martosko, David. +IBw-Expensive +IBg-Choices+IBk-: U.S. Taxpayers Spent $55,000 on Travel Expenses for Hillary Clinton+IBk-s BOOK TOUR in Paris and Berlin +IBM- Including 
Her $3,668-a-night Hotel Suite.+IB0- Dailymail.co.uk Associated Newspapers Ltd. 11 August 2014. Web. <http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2722178/Expensive-
Choices-US-taxpayers-spent-55-000-travel-expenses-Hillary-Clintons-BOOK-TOUR-Paris-Berlin.html>. 
1049 Martosko, David. +IBw-Expensive +IBg-Choices+IBk-: U.S. Taxpayers Spent $55,000 on Travel Expenses for Hillary Clinton+IBk-s BOOK TOUR in Paris and Berlin +IBM- Including 
Her $3,668-a-night Hotel Suite.+IB0- Dailymail.co.uk Associated Newspapers Ltd. 11 August 2014. Web. <http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2722178/Expensive-
Choices-US-taxpayers-spent-55-000-travel-expenses-Hillary-Clintons-BOOK-TOUR-Paris-Berlin.html>. 
1050 Smith Emily and Ian Mohr. +IBw-Page Six: Execs on Notice After Hillary+IBk-s Book Sales Tank.+IB0- Pagesix.com. NYP Holdings, Inc. 8 July 2014. Web. <http://pagesix.
com/2014/07/08/execs-on-notice-after-hillarys-book-sales-tank/>. 
1051 Nicholas, Peter. +IBw-Hillary Clinton Faces Heat Over Paid Speeches; UNLV Students Want $225,000 Fee for Upcoming Appearance Donated.+IB0- Wsj.com. Dow Jones & 
Company. 27 June 2014. Web. <http://online.wsj.com/articles/hillary-clinton-faces-heat-over-paid-speeches-1403894283>. 
1052 Welch, Laurie, +IBw-Burley+IBk-s Airport Fails Standards; Could Lose FAA Funding.+IB0- Magicvalley.com. Twin Falls Times-News. 13 July 2014. Web. <http://magicvalley.com/
news/local/mini-cassia/burley-s-airport-fails-standards-could-lose-faa-funding/article_ e437bce4-0a48-11e4-99c8-0019bb2963f4.html>. 
1053 Welch, Laurie, +IBw-Burley+IBk-s Airport Fails Standards; Could Lose FAA Funding.+IB0- Magicvalley.com. Twin Falls Times-News. 13 July 2014. Web. <http://magicvalley.com/
news/local/mini-cassia/burley-s-airport-fails-standards-could-lose-faa-funding/article_ e437bce4-0a48-11e4-99c8-0019bb2963f4.html>. 
1054 Welch, Laurie, +IBw-Burley+IBk-s Airport Fails Standards; Could Lose FAA Funding.+IB0- Magicvalley.com. Twin Falls Times-News. 13 July 2014. Web. <http://magicvalley.com/
news/local/mini-cassia/burley-s-airport-fails-standards-could-lose-faa-funding/article_ e437bce4-0a48-11e4-99c8-0019bb2963f4.html>. 
1055 Welch, Laurie, +IBw-Burley+IBk-s Airport Fails Standards; Could Lose FAA Funding.+IB0- Magicvalley.com. Twin Falls Times-News. 13 July 2014. Web. <http://magicvalley.com/
news/local/mini-cassia/burley-s-airport-fails-standards-could-lose-faa-funding/article_ e437bce4-0a48-11e4-99c8-0019bb2963f4.html>. 
1056 Welch, Laurie, +IBw-Burley+IBk-s Airport Fails Standards; Could Lose FAA Funding.+IB0- Magicvalley.com. Twin Falls Times-News. 13 July 2014. Web. <http://magicvalley.com/
news/local/mini-cassia/burley-s-airport-fails-standards-could-lose-faa-funding/article_ e437bce4-0a48-11e4-99c8-0019bb2963f4.html>. 
1057 Welch, Laurie, +IBw-Burley+IBk-s Airport Fails Standards; Could Lose FAA Funding.+IB0- Magicvalley.com. Twin Falls Times-News. 13 July 2014. Web. <http://magicvalley.com/
news/local/mini-cassia/burley-s-airport-fails-standards-could-lose-faa-funding/article_ e437bce4-0a48-11e4-99c8-0019bb2963f4.html>. 
1058 Welch, Laurie, +IBw-Burley+IBk-s Airport Fails Standards; Could Lose FAA Funding.+IB0- Magicvalley.com. Twin Falls Times-News. 13 July 2014. Web. <http://magicvalley.com/
news/local/mini-cassia/burley-s-airport-fails-standards-could-lose-faa-funding/article_ e437bce4-0a48-11e4-99c8-0019bb2963f4.html>. 
1059 Lenkersdorfer, Jay. +IBw-City Approves Final Airport Site Study.+IB0- Minicassia.com. News Journal. 11 July 2014. Web. <http://www.minicassia.com/news/
article_89150fd0-0942-11e4-b38f-001a4bcf6878.html>. 
1060 Welch, Laurie, +IBw-Burley+IBk-s Airport Fails Standards; Could Lose FAA Funding.+IB0- Magicvalley.com. Twin Falls Times-News. 13 July 2014. Web. <http://magicvalley.com/
news/local/mini-cassia/burley-s-airport-fails-standards-could-lose-faa-funding/article_ e437bce4-0a48-11e4-99c8-0019bb2963f4.html>. 
1061 Welch, Laurie, +IBw-Burley+IBk-s Airport Fails Standards; Could Lose FAA Funding.+IB0- Magicvalley.com. Twin Falls Times-News. 13 July 2014. Web. <http://magicvalley.com/
news/local/mini-cassia/burley-s-airport-fails-standards-could-lose-faa-funding/article_ e437bce4-0a48-11e4-99c8-0019bb2963f4.html>. 
1062 Lenkersdorfer, Jay. +IBw-City Approves Final Airport Site Study.+IB0- Minicassia.com. News Journal. 11 July 2014. Web. <http://www.minicassia.com/news/
article_89150fd0-0942-11e4-b38f-001a4bcf6878.html>. 
1063 Welch, Laurie, +IBw-Burley+IBk-s Airport Fails Standards; Could Lose FAA Funding.+IB0- Magicvalley.com. Twin Falls Times-News. 13 July 2014. Web. <http://magicvalley.com/
news/local/mini-cassia/burley-s-airport-fails-standards-could-lose-faa-funding/article_ e437bce4-0a48-11e4-99c8-0019bb2963f4.html>. 
1064 Welch, Laurie, +IBw-Burley+IBk-s Airport Fails Standards; Could Lose FAA Funding.+IB0- Magicvalley.com. Twin Falls Times-News. 13 July 2014. Web. <http://magicvalley.com/
news/local/mini-cassia/burley-s-airport-fails-standards-could-lose-faa-funding/article_ e437bce4-0a48-11e4-99c8-0019bb2963f4.html>. 
1065 Welch, Laurie, +IBw-Burley+IBk-s Airport Fails Standards; Could Lose FAA Funding.+IB0- Magicvalley.com. Twin Falls Times-News. 13 July 2014. Web. <http://magicvalley.com/
news/local/mini-cassia/burley-s-airport-fails-standards-could-lose-faa-funding/article_ e437bce4-0a48-11e4-99c8-0019bb2963f4.html>. 
1066 Welch, Laurie, +IBw-Burley+IBk-s Airport Fails Standards; Could Lose FAA Funding.+IB0- Magicvalley.com. Twin Falls Times-News. 13 July 2014. Web. <http://magicvalley.com/
news/local/mini-cassia/burley-s-airport-fails-standards-could-lose-faa-funding/article_ e437bce4-0a48-11e4-99c8-0019bb2963f4.html>. 
1067 Welch, Laurie, +IBw-Burley+IBk-s Airport Fails Standards; Could Lose FAA Funding.+IB0- Magicvalley.com. Twin Falls Times-News. 13 July 2014. Web. <http://magicvalley.com/
news/local/mini-cassia/burley-s-airport-fails-standards-could-lose-faa-funding/article_ e437bce4-0a48-11e4-99c8-0019bb2963f4.html>. 
1068 +IBw-Burley Municipal Airport to Magic Valley Regional Airport.+IB0- Google Maps. Web. <https://www.google.com/maps /dir/
Burley+-Municipal+-Airport,+-Burley,+-ID+-83318/Magic+-Valley+-Regional+-Airport,+-492+-Airport+-Loop,+-Twin+-Falls,+-ID+-83301/@42.5607097,-114.6795824,9z/
data=!4m14!4m13!1m5!1m1!1s0x54ab3680b39d19d 5:0x5fc3d5e1 fb36d509!2m2!1d-113.771545!2d42.542603!1m5!1m1!1s0x54acbadbeb372657:0x3e21d634f7e0af24!
2m2!1d-114.486048!2d42.481968!3e0>. 
1069 Welch, Laurie, +IBw-Burley+IBk-s Airport Fails Standards; Could Lose FAA Funding.+IB0- Magicvalley.com. Twin Falls Times-News. 13 July 2014. Web. <http://magicvalley.com/
news/local/mini-cassia/burley-s-airport-fails-standards-could-lose-faa-funding/article_ e437bce4-0a48-11e4-99c8-0019bb2963f4.html>. 
1070 The total grant amount since 2012 is $674,590. National Institute of Health, Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tools, +IBw-Project Information: 5R34AA021502-02 
Tailored Mobile Text Messaging to Reduce Problem Drinking,+IB0- http://projectreporter.nih.gov/project_info_description.cfm?aid=8530120&icde=20687239. 
1071 National Institute of Health, Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tools. +IBw-Tailored Mobile Text Messaging to Reduce Problem Drinking.+IB0- Project Number 
5R34AA021502-02. Web. <http://projectreporter.nih.gov/project_info_description.cfm?aid=8530120&icde=20687239>. 
1072 Harrington, Elizabeth. +IBw-NIH Spent $480,500 to Text Message Drunks.+IB0- Freebeacon.com. The Washington Free Beacon. 12 June 2014. Web. <http://freebeacon.
com/issues/nih-spent-480500-to-text-message-drunks/>. 

105

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-1073 National Institute of Health, Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tools. +IBw-Tailored Mobile Text Messaging to Reduce Problem Drinking.+IB0- Project Number 
5R34AA021502-02. Web. <http://projectreporter.nih.gov/project_info_description.cfm?aid=8530120&icde=20687239>. 
1074 Research Foundation for Mental Hygiene, Inc. +IBw-Tailored Mobile Text Messaging to Reduce Problem Drinking.+IB0- ClinicalTrials.gov. U.S. National Institute of Health. 
Identifier Number: NCT01885312. Web. http://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT01885312>. 
1075 Research Foundation for Mental Hygiene, Inc. +IBw-Tailored Mobile Text Messaging to Reduce Problem Drinking.+IB0- ClinicalTrials.gov. U.S. National Institute of Health. 
Identifier Number: NCT01885312. Web. http://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT01885312>. 
1076 National Institute of Health, Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tools. +IBw-Tailored Mobile Text Messaging to Reduce Problem Drinking.+IB0- Project Number 
5R34AA021502-02. Web. <http://projectreporter.nih.gov/project_info_description.cfm?aid=8530120&icde=20687239>. 
1077 Research Foundation for Mental Hygiene, Inc. +IBw-Tailored Mobile Text Messaging to Reduce Problem Drinking.+IB0- ClinicalTrials.gov. U.S. National Institute of Health. 
Identifier Number: NCT01885312. Web. http://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT01885312>. 
1078 U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Development Assistance. +IBw-Value-Added Producer Grant Awards Fiscal Year 2014.+IB0- Rurdev.usda.gov. 2014. Web. <http://
www.rurdev.usda.gov/supportdocuments/RD_2014VAPGRecipients.pdf>. 
1079 Dairy Store, Reed+IBk-s Dairy <http://www.reedsdairy.com/dairystore/>. 
1080 U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Development Assistance. +IBw-Value-Added Producer Grant Awards Fiscal Year 2014.+IB0- Rurdev.usda.gov. 2014. Web. <http://
www.rurdev.usda.gov/supportdocuments/RD_2014VAPGRecipients.pdf>. 
1081 U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Development Assistance. +IBw-Value-Added Producer Grant Awards Fiscal Year 2014.+IB0- Rurdev.usda.gov. 2014. Web. <http://
www.rurdev.usda.gov/supportdocuments/RD_2014VAPGRecipients.pdf>. 
1082 Vermillion, Allecia. +IBw-Kurt Timmermeister Is Opening a Shop on Capitol Hill.+IB0- Seatttlemet.com. SagaCity Media company. 3 March 2014. Web. http://www.
seattlemet.com/eat-and-drink/nosh-pit/articles/kurt-timmermeister-is-opening-february-2014>. 
1083 U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Development Assistance. +IBw-Value-Added Producer Grant Awards Fiscal Year 2014.+IB0- Rurdev.usda.gov. 2014. Web. <http://
www.rurdev.usda.gov/supportdocuments/RD_2014VAPGRecipients.pdf>. 
1084 U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Development Assistance. +IBw-Value-Added Producer Grant Awards Fiscal Year 2014.+IB0- Rurdev.usda.gov. 2014. Web. <http://
www.rurdev.usda.gov/supportdocuments/RD_2014VAPGRecipients.pdf>. 
1085 U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Development Assistance. +IBw-Value-Added Producer Grant Awards Fiscal Year 2014.+IB0- Rurdev.usda.gov. 2014. Web. <http://
www.rurdev.usda.gov/supportdocuments/RD_2014VAPGRecipients.pdf>. 
1086 U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Development Assistance. +IBw-Value-Added Producer Grant Awards Fiscal Year 2014.+IB0- Rurdev.usda.gov. 2014. Web. <http://
www.rurdev.usda.gov/supportdocuments/RD_2014VAPGRecipients.pdf>. 
1087 Genger, Tamar. +IBw-Living on the Wedge: A Brave New World of Kosher Cheese.+IB0-joyofkosher.com. Kosher Media Network. 1 May 2010. Web. <http://www.
joyofkosher.com/2010/05/living-wedge-brave-world-kosher-cheese/>. 
1088 Genger, Tamar. +IBw-Living on the Wedge: A Brave New World of Kosher Cheese.+IB0-joyofkosher.com. Kosher Media Network. 1 May 2010. Web. <http://www.
joyofkosher.com/2010/05/living-wedge-brave-world-kosher-cheese/>. 
1089 Serenity Acres Farm & Goat Dairy. +IBw-Soap & Body: About Our Goat Milk Soap.+IB0- Web. <http://www.serenityfarmfl.com/soap-and-body.cfm>. 
1090 +IBw-Large+IB0- NEOs were originally those with diameters greater than 1 kilometer. In 2005, Congress required NASA to track objects as small as 140 meters in 
diameter. 
1091 NASA. +IBw-FY 2015 PRESIDENT+IBk-S BUDGET REQUEST SUMMARY.+IB0- Nasa.gov. Web. <http://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/files/508_2015_Budget_Estimates.
pdf>. 
1092 Information provided by the Congressional Research Service. 
1093 Dunn, Marcia. +IBw-NASA Inspector Blasts Asteroid Protection Program.+IB0- Ap.org. The Associated Press. 15 September 2014. Web. http://bigstory.ap.org/article/nasa-
inspector-blasts-asteroid-protection-program>. 
1094 Dunn, Marcia. +IBw-NASA Inspector Blasts Asteroid Protection Program.+IB0- Ap.org. The Associated Press. 15 September 2014. Web. http://bigstory.ap.org/article/nasa-
inspector-blasts-asteroid-protection-program>. 
1095 National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Office of Inspector General. NASA+IBk-s Efforts to Identify Near-Earth Objects and Mitigate Hazards. Rep. No. IG-14-
03. Washington, D.C.: NASA-OIG. September 2014. Web. <http://oig.nasa.gov/audits/reports/FY14/IG-14-030.pdf>. 
1096 National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Office of Inspector General. NASA+IBk-s Efforts to Identify Near-Earth Objects and Mitigate Hazards. Rep. No. IG-14-
03. Washington, D.C.: NASA-OIG. September 2014. Web. <http://oig.nasa.gov/audits/reports/FY14/IG-14-030.pdf>. 
1097 National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Office of Inspector General. NASA+IBk-s Efforts to Identify Near-Earth Objects and Mitigate Hazards. Rep. No. IG-14-
03. Washington, D.C.: NASA-OIG. September 2014. Web. <http://oig.nasa.gov/audits/reports/FY14/IG-14-030.pdf>. 
1098 Colello, Kirsten and Scott Talaga. Who Pays for Long-Term Services and Supports? A Fact Sheet. Rep. No. R43483. Washington, D.C.: Congressional Research 
Service. 16 April 2014.Web. <http://www.crs.gov/pages/Reports.aspx?PRODCODE=R43483&Source=search> . p2 
1099 Mitchel, Alison. Medicaid Provider Taxes. Rep. No. RS22843. Washington, D.C.: Congressional Research Service. 10 January 2013. Web. <http://www.crs.gov/
pages/Reports.aspx?PRODCODE=RS22843&Source=search>. 
1100 The National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform. The Moment of Truth. Washington, D.C.: The White House. December 2010 Web. <http://www.
fiscalcommission.gov/sites/fiscalcommission.gov/files/documents/TheMomentofTruth12_1_2010.pdf>. p 39. The Commission noted the 10-year cost of ending the 
use of provider taxes is $44 billion. 
1101 Date, S.V. +IBw-Why Are We Hauling Pennsylvania Coal All the Way to Germany?+IB0- npr.org. National Public Radio. 22 March 2014. Web. <http://www.npr.org/blogs/
itsallpolitics/2014/03/14/290238727/long-dead-congressmans-earmark-lives-on-in-europe>. 
1102 H.R. 2397, 113th Cong. +AKc-8054 (2014); S.1429, 113th Cong. +AKc-8054 (2014) 
1103 Date, S.V. +IBw-Why Are We Hauling Pennsylvania Coal All the Way to Germany?+IB0- npr.org. National Public Radio. 22 March 2014. Web. <http://www.npr.org/blogs/
itsallpolitics/2014/03/14/290238727/long-dead-congressmans-earmark-lives-on-in-europe>. 
1104 H.R. 2397, 113th Cong. +AKc-8054 (2014); S.1429, 113th Cong. +AKc-8054 (2014) 
1105 Slade, David. +IBw-German Mayor Tours Coal Site.+IB0- Mcall.com. The Morning Call. 5 June 2002. Web. <http://articles.mcall.com/2002-06-05/news/3404410_1_
anthracite-military-bases-coal>. 
1106 S Date, S.V. +IBw-Why Are We Hauling Pennsylvania Coal All the Way to Germany?+IB0- npr.org. National Public Radio. 22 March 2014. Web. <http://www.npr.org/blogs/
itsallpolitics/2014/03/14/290238727/long-dead-congressmans-earmark-lives-on-in-europe>. 
1107 Date, S.V. +IBw-Why Are We Hauling Pennsylvania Coal All the Way to Germany?+IB0- npr.org. National Public Radio. 22 March 2014. Web. <http://www.npr.org/blogs/

106

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-itsallpolitics/2014/03/14/290238727/long-dead-congressmans-earmark-lives-on-in-europe>. 
1108 H.R. 2397, 113th Cong. +AKc-8054 (2014); S.1429, 113th Cong. +AKc-8054 (2014) 
1109 Date, S.V. +IBw-Why Are We Hauling Pennsylvania Coal All the Way to Germany?+IB0- npr.org. National Public Radio. 22 March 2014. Web. <http://www.npr.org/blogs/
itsallpolitics/2014/03/14/290238727/long-dead-congressmans-earmark-lives-on-in-europe>. 
1110 U.S. Energy Information Administration. +IBw-Total Energy: Annual Energy Review.+IB0- Eia.gov. 27 September 2012. Web <http://www.eia.gov/totalenergy/data/annual/
showtext.cfm?t=ptb0709>. This is based on 2011 coal prices, but does not include the cost to ship the anthracite coal from Pennsylvania to Germany 
1111 Williams, Drew. +IBw-Chippewa Valley Regional Airport Receives Federal Marketing Grant.+IB0- Weau.com. Gray Digital Media. 2 October 2014. Web. <http://www.weau.
com/home/headlines/Chippewa-Valley-Regional-Airport-receies-federal-marketing-grant-277825941.html>. 
1112 Williams, Drew. +IBw-Chippewa Valley Regional Airport Receives Federal Marketing Grant.+IB0- Weau.com. Gray Digital Media. 2 October 2014. Web. <http://www.weau.
com/home/headlines/Chippewa-Valley-Regional-Airport-receies-federal-marketing-grant-277825941.html>. 
1113 Williams, Drew. +IBw-Chippewa Valley Regional Airport Receives Federal Marketing Grant.+IB0- Weau.com. Gray Digital Media. 2 October 2014. Web. <http://www.weau.
com/home/headlines/Chippewa-Valley-Regional-Airport-receies-federal-marketing-grant-277825941.html>. 
1114 Source: www.kayak.com, as of October 2, 2014. 
1115 Source: www.kayak.com, as of October 2, 2014. 
1116 WormPower, +IBw-Grant Summary.+IB0- Web. <http://www.wormpower.net/research/grant-summary/#.VC1ztfnF8do>. 
1117 The LCN Staff. +IBw-Schumer fights for Worm Power.+IB0- Thelcn.com. The Livingston County News. June 2014. Web. 16 October 2014. Web. <http://www.thelcn.com/
news/schumer-fights-for-worm-power/article_cd4d0134-7bdf-5861-a254-fed534142c92.html?mode=jqm>. 
1118 Butler, Virginia. +IBw-Worm Power in Avon Expands 800 Percent.+IB0- Twcnews.com. Time Warner Cable Enterprises LLC. 4 April 2010. Web. <http://rochester.twcnews.
com/content/news/500655/worm-power-in-avon-expands-800-percent/>. 
1119 U.S. Department of Agriculture. +IBw-Vermicomposted Dairy Manure as a Disease Suppressive Seed Treatment.+IB0- NIFA. Research, Education and Economics Information 
System. Web. <http://portal.nifa.usda.gov/web/crisprojectpages/1003067-vermicomposted-dairy-manure-as-a-disease-suppressive-seed-treatment.html>. 
1120 USASpending.gov. +IBw-Prime Award Spending Data, RT Solutions, LLC.+IB0- Federal Award Identifier: 20143361021927.1. Web. <http://usaspending.
gov/explore?frompage=assistance&tab=By%20Prime%20Awardee&comingfrom=searchresults&federal_award_id=20143361021927.1&fiscal_
year=all&typeofview=complete>. 
1121 U.S. Department of Agriculture. +IBw-Vermicomposted Dairy Manure as a Disease Suppressive Seed Treatment.+IB0- NIFA. Research, Education and Economics Information 
System. Web. <http://portal.nifa.usda.gov/web/crisprojectpages/1003067-vermicomposted-dairy-manure-as-a-disease-suppressive-seed-treatment.html>. 
1122 Butler, Virginia. +IBw-Worm Power in Avon Expands 800 Percent.+IB0- Twcnews.com. Time Warner Cable Enterprises LLC. 4 April 2010. Web. <http://rochester.twcnews.
com/content/news/500655/worm-power-in-avon-expands-800-percent/>. 
1123 WormPower e-store. <http://shop.wormpower.net/>. 
1124 The LCN Staff. +IBw-Schumer fights for Worm Power.+IB0- Thelcn.com. The Livingston County News. June 2014. Web. 16 October 2014. Web. <http://www.thelcn.com 

107

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-108

WASTEBOOK 2014PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK+AAw-109

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-110

WASTEBOOK 2014+AAw-
